0 Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .	
4 The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .	
3 Ramsay and Morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .	
1 You emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .	
1 Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .	
1 This is a film living far too much in its own head .	
4 This fascinating look at Israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .	
1 This is a truly , truly bad movie .	
2 While Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .	
2 ... Jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts .	
2 If you ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama , it ai n't half-bad .	
3 God bless Crudup and his aversion to taking the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .	
0 Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .	
1 is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .	
0 A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .	
2 ... manages to fall closer in quality to Silence than to the abysmal Hannibal .	
2 With not a lot of help from the screenplay -LRB- proficient , but singularly cursory -RRB- , -LRB- Testud -RRB- acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis .	
1 This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .	
2 You wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .	
4 Best of all is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .	
0 Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .	
1 McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .	
1 The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .	
1 The actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .	
2 The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but Ram Dass : Fierce Grace does n't organize it with any particular insight .	
3 As a film director , LaBute continues to improve .	
2 Auto Focus is not your standard Hollywood bio-pic .	
3 Reggio and Glass put on an intoxicating show .	
1 With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?	
1 A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .	
2 While this has the making of melodrama , the filmmaker cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them .	
3 Watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .	
4 Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .	
1 Maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make Trouble Every Day any better .	
1 ` Linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '	
0 A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .	
3 Prepare to marvel again .	
1 Disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .	
0 A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '	
3 Warm and exotic .	
4 I like this movie a lot .	
1 For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .	
2 If Reno is to the left of liberal on the political spectrum , her tough , funny , rather chaotic show is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .	
3 A heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .	
0 Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .	
0 This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .	
3 A coming-of-age tale from New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .	
2 But you 'd never guess that from the performances .	
2 The people in ABC Africa are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .	
2 Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly .	
3 Even the digressions are funny .	
3 But the actors make this worth a peek .	
3 And there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends .	
1 The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .	
4 A poignant comedy that offers food for thought .	
2 It 's not difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller .	
1 Murder by Numbers just does n't add up .	
4 His work with actors is particularly impressive .	
2 While this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures , it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .	
1 Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .	
3 Finally , the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .	
2 We could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .	
1 Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .	
2 There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but Kang tacks on three or four more endings .	
0 In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .	
1 Beware the quirky Brit-com .	
1 An EXIT sign , that is .	
3 -LRB- A -RRB- strong piece of work .	
1 It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .	
1 Just send it to Cranky .	
3 Able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .	
3 The best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .	
1 To the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .	
0 Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .	
2 ... best seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel to the Warren Report .	
3 Cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .	
2 Despite a performance of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth , as an older woman who seduces Oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off	
2 Gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .	
4 First and foremost ... the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .	
1 Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .	
1 It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .	
3 ... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .	
3 It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .	
3 Expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .	
1 Just because A Walk to Remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .	
3 There 's absolutely no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is	
3 If you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .	
1 Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .	
1 There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .	
0 This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .	
3 Even though many of these guys are less than adorable -LRB- their lamentations are pretty much self-centered -RRB- , there 's something vital about the movie .	
2 Fubar is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .	
3 Although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .	
1 Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .	
2 It 's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks .	
1 ... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .	
1 A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .	
2 If this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy bastards , more power to it .	
3 Touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .	
1 There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .	
4 While general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .	
2 The smash 'em - up , crash 'em - up , shoot 'em - up ending comes out of nowhere substituting mayhem for suspense .	
3 Director Todd Solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .	
0 a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre	
3 Despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , Empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .	
1 Though Harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .	
0 McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .	
1 A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .	
3 For a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .	
0 -LRB- A -RRB- rather thinly-conceived movie .	
1 A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .	
2 scenario that will give most parents pause ... Then , something terrible happens .	
1 -LRB- Seems -RRB- even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .	
3 A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .	
3 Exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .	
2 Open-ended and composed of layer upon layer , Talk to Her is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .	
4 Nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .	
4 Sweet and memorable film .	
1 It 's not only dull because we 've seen -LRB- Eddie -RRB- Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .	
2 Suffice to say that after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is .	
0 A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .	
2 Is `` Ballistic '' worth the price of admission ?	
3 ` Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '	
2 Arnie blows things up .	
0 ... feels as if -LRB- there 's -RRB- a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .	
1 Watching Queen of the Damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .	
4 There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch .	
2 Presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency .	
2 Pure of intention and passably diverting , His Secret Life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .	
3 It 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story	
2 Silly , loud and goofy .	
1 As underwater ghost stories go , Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .	
3 Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .	
2 ... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks .	
3 What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .	
3 If a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .	
4 The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .	
4 Brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .	
3 Strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .	
4 The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .	
2 Falls short in explaining the music and its roots .	
4 A wry , affectionate delight .	
3 Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .	
2 Please .	
1 Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .	
3 It 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .	
3 Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not	
1 The most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .	
1 It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt !	
2 Even with Harris 's strong effort , the script gives him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown .	
3 Gets better after Foster leaves that little room .	
3 Grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .	
2 Like the series , the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .	
0 Bad and baffling from the get-go .	
4 Very well-written and very well-acted .	
4 It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .	
4 Even if the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .	
2 Bad in such a bizarre way that it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste .	
3 -LRB- The film -RRB- tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .	
2 It depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept .	
1 You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .	
4 Thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .	
1 The screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .	
2 The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops , but there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours .	
0 The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .	
3 She nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .	
3 An engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .	
3 Featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .	
1 Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .	
1 The Master of Disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live . '	
1 More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .	
1 A hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .	
3 It 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .	
4 A fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .	
3 The charming result is Festival in Cannes .	
2 Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense .	
2 This is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .	
4 Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .	
3 Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ... Bisset is both convincing and radiant .	
3 It 's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .	
1 We get the comedy we settle for .	
4 Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .	
4 Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .	
2 It is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .	
3 A lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him .	
4 I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .	
2 Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .	
0 This stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .	
4 It picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .	
4 The performances are remarkable .	
3 ... the plot weaves us into a complex web .	
2 If only there were one for this kind of movie .	
2 How I Killed My Father would be a rarity in Hollywood .	
4 Skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .	
4 The result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .	
2 with a couple of burnt-out cylinders	
3 If The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .	
2 After all the big build-up , the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .	
3 A flawed but engrossing thriller .	
0 ... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .	
3 I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent .	
4 Chamber of Secrets will find millions of eager fans .	
2 ... tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry .	
3 Birthday Girl lucks out with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .	
3 A little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .	
2 Very well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .	
2 Mana gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .	
2 OK arthouse .	
3 A suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .	
4 Beautifully crafted and brutally honest , Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .	
3 Bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .	
1 During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .	
2 When the violence actually shocked ?	
2 If the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you , the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell .	
1 It hates its characters .	
4 It sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .	
4 A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .	
1 SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .	
2 Chances are you wo n't , either .	
4 Secret Ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .	
2 This one is strictly a lightweight escapist film .	
3 Chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century America .	
1 A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .	
0 Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .	
4 ` Anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '	
0 This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .	
1 Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?	
1 The uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .	
0 `` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .	
2 There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan , but it 's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted .	
3 One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .	
3 Jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .	
3 Mr. Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .	
4 A stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .	
3 A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .	
0 Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .	
3 Steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .	
0 This is just lazy writing .	
2 The Master of Disguise is funny -- not `` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny .	
2 A close-to-solid espionage thriller with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late .	
3 When the movie mixes the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .	
0 Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .	
2 If there ai n't none , you have a problem .	
0 A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .	
1 Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .	
3 A crisp psychological drama -LRB- and -RRB- a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode .	
3 A charmer from Belgium .	
0 The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .	
2 But when it does , you 're entirely unprepared .	
4 A moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer	
1 Well , Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell , I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels -LRB- hey , do n't shoot the messenger -RRB- .	
2 Although Barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .	
4 Hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .	
3 It cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .	
3 This is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light -LRB- yet unsentimental -RRB- touch .	
4 Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .	
1 There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .	
1 This off-putting French romantic comedy	
3 You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .	
0 Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .	
1 The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .	
1 For all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .	
0 Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered .	
2 Don Michael Paul uses quick-cuts , -LRB- very -RRB- large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double -LRB- for Seagal -RRB- .	
1 Unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .	
3 The Komediant is a tale worth catching .	
0 The actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .	
0 It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .	
4 An entertaining British hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .	
4 A slick , engrossing melodrama .	
3 Like Kubrick , Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .	
4 Terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .	
3 All in all , a great party .	
1 At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .	
2 Denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career .	
3 Worth a look as a curiosity .	
0 For a story set at sea , Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '	
1 Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane .	
3 Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .	
1 Goes on and on to the point of nausea .	
4 This is a superior horror flick .	
3 Becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters .	
3 This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .	
0 In all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .	
4 Raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .	
2 Only at the prospect of Beck 's next project .	
2 I admit it , I hate to like it .	
4 As quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .	
2 A chick flick for guys .	
2 Succeeds only because Bullock and Grant were made to share the silver screen .	
1 Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .	
0 A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .	
3 In the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father , French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition	
3 There are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .	
1 But it would be better to wait for the video .	
3 The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .	
1 -LRB- Lin Chung 's -RRB- voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating -LRB- at least to this Western ear -RRB- , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .	
0 A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .	
3 The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .	
2 Norton holds the film together .	
3 ` Possession , ' based on the book by A.S. Byatt , demands that LaBute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit	
1 Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .	
1 For a film about action , Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .	
1 Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?	
1 If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .	
4 Despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .	
3 `` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''	
1 Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .	
1 ... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .	
3 Here is a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .	
0 Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .	
1 It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .	
0 Nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .	
2 Whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .	
1 -LRB- Jackson and Bledel -RRB- seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .	
2 Noyce creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .	
4 The film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .	
3 Nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .	
2 While not quite a comedy , the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .	
0 A rip-off twice removed , modeled after -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- earlier copycat Under Siege , sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat .	
1 As the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , -LRB- Franco -RRB- has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .	
2 You just know something terrible is going to happen .	
3 Late Marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .	
3 While the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .	
0 It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .	
3 It 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .	
1 There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid	
1 Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .	
3 It has plenty of laughs .	
1 The script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .	
3 ... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .	
0 The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .	
3 Deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .	
1 This New Zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .	
0 A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .	
4 Refreshing .	
4 finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed	
0 -LRB- Swimfan -RRB- falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .	
3 there is truth here	
3 About the best thing you could say about Narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .	
4 Surprisingly powerful and universal .	
2 For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture	
3 Wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .	
0 Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .	
3 A quiet , disquieting triumph .	
3 An edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .	
4 This is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .	
4 Consummate actor Barry has done excellent work here .	
2 The farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one .	
4 From a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .	
3 The first shocking thing about Sorority Boys is that it 's actually watchable .	
2 You could love Safe Conduct -LRB- Laissez Passer -RRB- for being a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long .	
1 A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .	
2 ` Enigma ' is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers . '	
1 Formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .	
2 A gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave .	
1 Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .	
1 Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .	
4 A wild , endearing , masterful documentary .	
4 Sweetly sexy , funny and touching .	
4 Not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .	
3 It 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .	
1 If swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .	
4 In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .	
1 Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little American Pie-like irreverence .	
1 Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...	
0 Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .	
4 It is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .	
2 Sitting through the last reel -LRB- spoiler alert ! -RRB-	
0 If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .	
2 A dark , dull thriller with a parting shot that misfires .	
4 Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance .	
1 More tiring than anything .	
3 Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .	
1 There 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .	
1 ... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''	
4 This comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .	
3 Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .	
1 A big fat pain .	
1 Too bad writer-director Adam Rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .	
3 Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .	
3 By not averting his eyes , Solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .	
2 Skillful as he is , Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .	
3 It 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .	
3 Aniston has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .	
2 But not a whit more .	
1 entertaining enough , but nothing new	
4 Steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .	
2 has some visual wit ... but little imagination elsewhere .	
3 An encouraging effort from McCrudden	
1 But for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .	
2 A fascinating but choppy documentary .	
2 `` The Tuxedo '' should have been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey .	
3 ... a great , participatory spectator sport . '	
4 Visually captivating .	
2 ending .	
4 A very charming and funny movie .	
0 Bears is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .	
2 Tian emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard .	
1 It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .	
1 The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .	
1 Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .	
3 By turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .	
2 ... Myers has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs ...	
2 Not as good as the original , but what is ...	
1 If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .	
1 Collapses under its own meager weight .	
1 Its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .	
0 ... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .	
0 Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .	
3 There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .	
1 The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .	
0 Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .	
4 As an actress , Madonna is one helluva singer .	
4 classic cinema served up with heart and humor	
1 Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?	
1 Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .	
3 Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But at the very least , His Secret Life will leave you thinking .	
2 It 's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .	
3 You watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .	
3 It 's always fascinating to watch Marker the essayist at work .	
4 -LRB- Leigh -RRB- has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors -LRB- improvised over many months -RRB- and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .	
3 Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast -LRB- excepting Love Hewitt -RRB- , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon .	
2 Suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling .	
3 Watching the chemistry between Freeman and Judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .	
2 It wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty .	
4 At 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .	
0 It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '	
2 The sequel is everything the original was not : contrived , overblown and tie-in ready .	
3 With an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera	
2 The action is reasonably well-done ... yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together .	
1 For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .	
3 A tasty masala .	
1 A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .	
2 Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material , but his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core .	
3 A faster paced family flick .	
3 It 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .	
0 This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .	
3 Its story about a young Chinese woman , Ah Na , who has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .	
1 plays like some corny television production from a bygone era	
1 This is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !	
1 Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .	
2 Flawed , but worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance .	
1 By turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .	
1 Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?	
4 For devotees of French cinema , Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .	
1 More busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .	
2 But even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns ... this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity .	
4 Jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .	
0 Extremely bad .	
2 This sci-fi techno-sex thriller starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .	
2 And I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .	
2 Goldmember is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .	
3 Certainly the performances are worthwhile .	
4 Impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .	
2 A porn film without the sex scenes .	
3 Exhilarating but blatantly biased .	
1 A party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .	
1 The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .	
3 Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne 's novel .	
3 Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing .	
1 It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .	
3 Would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic .	
2 Handsome and sincere but slightly awkward in its combination of entertainment and evangelical boosterism .	
1 the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale	
4 Scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .	
2 A fast-paced , glitzy but extremely silly piece .	
2 One of -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love .	
1 It 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .	
3 A movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .	
1 More trifle than triumph .	
1 Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .	
4 Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .	
2 Innocuous enough to make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good .	
1 Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .	
3 Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .	
0 A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .	
0 Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .	
4 A well-executed spy-thriller .	
0 We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .	
2 The movie does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock .	
3 More of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .	
0 The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .	
2 The Ring is worth a look , if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment .	
2 If you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in , Sweet Home Alabama is diverting in the manner of Jeff Foxworthy 's stand-up act .	
3 What 's most memorable about Circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .	
3 The film delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .	
4 The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America .	
1 Make Chan 's action sequences boring .	
0 The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia .	
0 Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .	
2 The funny thing is , I did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit .	
3 You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .	
1 Never comes together as a coherent whole .	
1 If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .	
1 Friday After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .	
2 Davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .	
3 A sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .	
2 The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly , but viewers do n't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types .	
2 If horses could fly , this is surely what they 'd look like .	
2 Perhaps the most annoying thing about Who Is Cletis Tout ?	
4 The characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .	
0 The misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .	
3 A formula family tearjerker told with a heavy Irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .	
1 There might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?	
4 Solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , '' never were .	
2 It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom , and its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive .	
1 There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .	
4 -LRB- Dong -RRB- makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up .	
3 One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .	
2 Oh , and Booty Call .	
2 Some people want the ol' ball-and-chain and then there are those who just want the Ball and Chain .	
1 Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?	
4 As satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .	
2 Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose .	
1 The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .	
1 It 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .	
4 A sensitive , cultivated treatment of Greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .	
1 An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .	
1 This is a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .	
1 A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .	
0 It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .	
1 This may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .	
3 Claude Chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .	
1 A bit too eager to please .	
4 About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .	
2 A rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments supplied by Epps .	
3 You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .	
3 He 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .	
2 At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ; the pity is that it rarely achieves its best .	
4 Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .	
4 ... a solid , well-formed satire .	
2 A puzzling experience .	
1 A painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .	
0 It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .	
2 Merci pour le movie .	
3 Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .	
4 Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .	
2 Or both .	
1 If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .	
0 Mr. Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .	
2 It was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .	
2 Like shave ice without the topping , this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .	
1 A characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .	
3 Affable if not timeless , Like Mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .	
4 Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon .	
1 I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .	
2 Showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment .	
1 Grating and tedious .	
1 It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .	
2 I wish Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story .	
2 Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation .	
2 Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection ; falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec -LRB- a nose -RRB- ahead of Generations .	
0 The movie is a desperate miscalculation .	
1 A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .	
0 There are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .	
2 The members manage to pronounce KOK exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible .	
2 The film thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles .	
3 Damon brings the proper conviction to his role as -LRB- Jason Bourne -RRB- .	
0 Disgusting .	
3 In all fairness , I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .	
3 Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century .	
1 the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half	
4 As warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .	
3 It offers a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .	
2 It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it .	
0 The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .	
1 It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .	
4 A colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .	
2 The execution is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .	
2 Freundlich 's made -LRB- Crudup -RRB- a suburban architect , and a cipher .	
3 Maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .	
3 Hollywood Ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .	
0 Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .	
1 What could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .	
0 Should have gone straight to video .	
3 One of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .	
3 What begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .	
4 Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .	
0 ... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .	
2 Explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .	
2 The vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful .	
4 Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond .	
1 Bad Company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .	
1 This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .	
4 Arguably the best script that Besson has written in years .	
2 The film is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end .	
3 Stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .	
3 ... a solid , unassuming drama .	
4 Like Shrek , Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .	
3 ... a guiltless film for nice evening out .	
4 Brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .	
3 After the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing	
2 If Jews were Catholics , this would be Catechism	
1 Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ? ''	
4 Fantastic !	
4 This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .	
1 Low comedy does n't come much lower .	
3 And more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .	
3 Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .	
1 A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .	
3 By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors .	
3 Amazingly dopey .	
2 Those of you who do n't believe in Santa Claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original .	
2 A drama of great power , yet some members of the audience will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .	
0 A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .	
3 Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .	
4 Lovingly photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life , Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .	
1 Problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .	
2 A late-night cable sexploitation romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques .	
3 Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart ...	
3 Watching The Powerpuff Girls Movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures .	
2 A mess , but it 's a sincere mess .	
2 Oops , she 's really done it this time .	
2 Cube 's charisma and chemistry compensate for corniness and cliche .	
4 A moving and important film .	
3 every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy	
1 Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .	
3 This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek -LRB- as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior -RRB- , but it feels like unrealized potential	
3 Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .	
0 It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .	
3 In painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .	
3 An interesting look behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco ...	
3 This is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .	
3 The Pianist is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make .	
0 The thing just never gets off the ground .	
2 A very pretty after-school special .	
3 Any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .	
4 With ` Bowling for Columbine , ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .	
0 Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .	
4 Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ... Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing .	
1 a stereotype	
2 Walsh ca n't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm .	
0 Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .	
1 A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .	
3 Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .	
0 This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .	
1 Should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .	
3 A bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .	
1 It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .	
3 Leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .	
1 It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .	
3 I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but Real Women Have Curves truly is life affirming .	
4 Top-notch action powers this romantic drama .	
4 Maggie Smith as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .	
4 A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .	
3 It 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .	
3 Plus , like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !	
3 I liked the movie , but I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .	
0 Unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .	
3 The power of Shanghai Ghetto , a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .	
3 The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .	
2 The pace of the film is very slow -LRB- for obvious reasons -RRB- and that too becomes off-putting .	
3 Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .	
2 Ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .	
1 Decent but dull .	
0 ` Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying , I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .	
4 A movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .	
0 What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .	
2 So-so entertainment .	
3 The film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .	
2 Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair .	
4 Could I have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format ?	
1 Tedious Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination .	
2 The film 's stagecrafts are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design .	
3 The script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .	
0 It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .	
2 Wallace directs with such patronising reverence , it turns the stomach .	
1 It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .	
2 You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .	
1 It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .	
3 Though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .	
2 At its best when the guarded , resentful Betty and the manipulative yet needy Margot are front and center .	
1 Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .	
1 Plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .	
1 Befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject	
0 Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .	
1 I did n't laugh .	
2 Every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .	
1 Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .	
1 It never rises to its clever what-if concept .	
3 And it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .	
1 It leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .	
2 While certain cues , like the happy music , suggest that this movie is supposed to warm our hearts , Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .	
0 Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .	
3 K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia .	
1 This picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .	
3 ... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .	
2 There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome , but it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling .	
1 Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .	
1 ... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .	
1 A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .	
2 Might best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .	
0 ... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''	
1 The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .	
4 Enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .	
3 Too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper -LRB- and better -RRB- than Pink Floyd tickets .	
0 It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .	
1 Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless .	
3 A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe .	
3 It 's an interesting effort -LRB- particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts -RRB- , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .	
4 Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .	
3 The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .	
2 Paxton 's uneven directorial debut fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre .	
3 The film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .	
1 And people make fun of me for liking Showgirls .	
2 It 's all pretty tame .	
1 Once the downward spiral comes to pass , Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...	
0 A loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .	
0 But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .	
4 A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .	
2 Some elements of it really blow the big one , but other parts are decent .	
1 Little more than a well-mounted history lesson .	
3 While the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .	
1 With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies ?	
0 No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised .	
2 A melancholy , emotional film .	
3 A great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .	
1 A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours -LRB- and , for that matter , Shrek -RRB- .	
0 If you go , pack your knitting needles .	
1 I did n't smile .	
4 Not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .	
3 Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker .	
0 It 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .	
2 True Hollywood Story .	
0 The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .	
4 Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .	
4 Fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .	
0 Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .	
3 Told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .	
1 About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .	
0 ... unbearably lame .	
2 If you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan , you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .	
4 Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .	
0 Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .	
4 I love the robust middle of this picture .	
3 Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .	
0 Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .	
0 Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .	
3 The film grows on you .	
4 What makes this film special is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .	
3 Despite its faults , Gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .	
1 ` It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '	
0 It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .	
3 The best of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond films to date .	
1 Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .	
2 Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive love .	
1 There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups .	
1 It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .	
3 has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .	
2 The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get .	
2 I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but	
2 It 's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles .	
4 One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie .	
3 But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .	
4 It 's never dull and always looks good .	
2 Everything else about High Crimes is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .	
2 I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .	
3 From the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .	
2 God is great , the movie 's not .	
0 In other words , it 's badder than bad .	
2 would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .	
4 `` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different -LRB- and better -RRB- than most films with this theme .	
4 The slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .	
2 It 's been 20 years since 48 Hrs .	
4 Vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .	
1 It winds up moving in many directions as it searches -LRB- vainly , I think -RRB- for something fresh to say .	
2 There 's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again .	
3 A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .	
4 By the standards of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .	
1 Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .	
3 With amazing finesse , the film shadows Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives .	
4 But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .	
2 Less-than-compelling documentary of a Yiddish theater clan .	
4 Assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .	
3 It 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .	
3 Originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .	
1 With elements cribbed from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin	
3 Rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .	
2 Though it flirts with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world as we know it , it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .	
4 Simply put , `` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .	
3 Yes , it 's as good as you remember .	
1 The director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in -LRB- the characters ' -RRB- misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .	
4 Apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .	
2 ... a somber film , almost completely unrelieved by any comedy beyond the wistful everyday ironies of the working poor .	
2 The talk-heavy film plays like one of Robert Altman 's lesser works .	
1 The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .	
2 Feels slight , as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .	
0 The comedy is nonexistent .	
2 downtown	
0 The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .	
1 his -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .	
1 Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .	
4 The most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism .	
2 More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet .	
3 Overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .	
0 What ultimately makes Windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .	
2 The stripped-down dramatic constructs , austere imagery and abstract characters are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .	
0 The characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .	
2 Courtney CHASES Stuart with a CELL PHONE .	
3 You need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work .	
3 waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .	
4 are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent .	
3 Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .	
1 ... a low rate Annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school .	
3 It 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .	
4 Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God is love .	
4 In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .	
3 Poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .	
4 A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .	
3 Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .	
3 A film that will enthrall the whole family .	
2 I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD .	
1 When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo , it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.	
1 Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .	
2 There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them .	
3 It 's fun , but it 's a real howler .	
2 If Borstal Boy is n't especially realistic , it is an engaging nostalgia piece .	
3 What -LRB- Denis -RRB- accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .	
2 It may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?	
0 This ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .	
3 Stage director Sam Mendes showcases Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .	
3 The film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .	
1 A few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .	
4 Eric Schweig and Graham Greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .	
2 While puerile men dominate the story , the women shine .	
3 It 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .	
4 This sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .	
0 A movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .	
1 works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making	
3 A deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .	
3 The difference is that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne	
1 The film is strictly routine .	
1 Mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .	
2 Its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .	
3 Though Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .	
2 At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage .	
0 `` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .	
2 Pascale Bailly 's rom-com	
1 This is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .	
2 The film was n't preachy , but it was feminism by the book .	
2 Like an episode of MTV 's Undressed , with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .	
1 No thanks .	
3 It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .	
2 The narrative is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .	
3 In fact , it 's quite fun in places .	
3 A living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .	
2 Crikey indeed .	
3 ` Blue Crush ' swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award .	
2 Nothing more than a run-of-the-mill action flick .	
0 The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .	
1 Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .	
2 Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth .	
1 Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .	
3 There is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .	
1 In the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .	
1 Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .	
4 With each of her three protagonists , Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .	
3 He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .	
2 Who knew ...	
3 A showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .	
0 Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .	
4 Here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .	
2 An average coming-of-age tale elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality .	
1 A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .	
1 The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal .	
1 Rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .	
3 A dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater provides .	
0 As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .	
1 A very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .	
0 It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .	
1 While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .	
4 One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .	
1 Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .	
1 Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .	
2 Possibly not since Grumpy Old Men have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .	
0 Despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .	
1 It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .	
2 A direct-to-void release , heading nowhere .	
3 A weird , arresting little ride .	
3 Mel Gibson fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .	
4 Intelligent and moving .	
1 And that is where Ararat went astray .	
2 This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable .	
3 If S&M seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's -LRB- and its makers ' -RRB- credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .	
3 But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .	
4 Smart , sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play .	
0 I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .	
2 As Allen 's execution date closes in , the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .	
1 What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .	
3 By its modest , straight-ahead standards , Undisputed scores a direct hit .	
0 Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .	
4 Though in some ways similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl , Rain is the far superior film .	
1 A film that loses sight of its own story .	
4 A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '	
0 -LRB- A -RRB- crushing disappointment .	
1 Serving Sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .	
1 A processed comedy chop suey .	
4 A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .	
1 Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .	
1 The beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of -LRB- Godard 's -RRB- vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .	
1 The trappings of I Spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .	
1 The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose .	
3 ... the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .	
3 Horns and Halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .	
1 Lacks dramatic punch and depth .	
4 Mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .	
3 If you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .	
1 Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .	
1 Incoherence reigns .	
1 An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality .	
0 Hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .	
1 It still feels like a prison stretch .	
2 Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine .	
3 Interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .	
2 Viewing this underdramatized but overstated film is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet .	
0 the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times	
3 It 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .	
1 Debut effort by `` Project Greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .	
1 Although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .	
3 Together , Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .	
0 Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .	
2 It 's harmless , diverting fluff .	
0 It just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on -LRB- or be entertained by -RRB- .	
3 Even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .	
1 The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...	
0 It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .	
4 The byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen -LRB- Vega -RRB- and Juni -LRB- Sabara -RRB- Cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .	
0 Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .	
3 A charming but slight comedy .	
3 A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .	
4 As averse as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .	
2 Though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal , I felt disrespected .	
4 As a director , Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .	
1 Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .	
4 Holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .	
3 It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .	
2 Often overwrought and at times positively irritating , the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .	
2 Underachieves only in not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough .	
1 Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . '	
1 ... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .	
4 Exciting and well-paced .	
2 -LRB- It -RRB- has the feel of a summer popcorn movie .	
3 The story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .	
4 As improbable as this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .	
3 Two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .	
1 Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .	
1 Those who are only mildly curious , I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .	
3 Successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .	
0 MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .	
0 Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .	
1 Surprisingly , considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .	
4 The trailer is a riot .	
0 This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .	
0 It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .	
1 The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .	
0 As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .	
3 Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .	
0 Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .	
3 May lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .	
1 There is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .	
1 Feels familiar and tired .	
3 Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .	
2 s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance .	
2 It 's clear that Mehta simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent .	
1 They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .	
1 Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ...	
1 Trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''	
2 Mildly entertaining .	
2 Serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst .	
1 White has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .	
0 Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?	
4 A fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '	
1 One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .	
0 Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .	
0 is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '	
4 One of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the French film industry in years .	
4 A minor film with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera ...	
0 Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .	
4 A wild ride with eight boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .	
1 While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''	
3 As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , Sex with Strangers is a success .	
1 It does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .	
2 Feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap , but they mostly work .	
1 But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .	
3 The result puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .	
0 My precious new Star Wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...	
3 Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner Laurence Coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .	
0 A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .	
3 A very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy .	
3 -LRB- D -RRB- espite its familiar subject matter , Ice Age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...	
1 In spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .	
1 He 's not good with people .	
2 A sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .	
4 I stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .	
4 And thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .	
3 When it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?	
3 That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .	
2 Some may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic but I think Payne is after something darker .	
2 It 's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life .	
3 One feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism .	
3 The Salton Sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .	
3 Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .	
2 ... little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .	
0 The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .	
2 is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing .	
1 ... too sappy for its own good .	
2 He gets his secretary to fax it . ''	
3 I liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .	
1 If I want a real movie , I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .	
2 One of the pleasures in Walter 's documentary ... is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .	
0 Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .	
3 Pretty good little movie .	
3 Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .	
0 There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .	
2 Dodgy mixture of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery .	
2 Cattaneo should have followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty , with something different .	
4 The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .	
2 Made-Up lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude .	
3 If you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then Triple X marks the spot .	
3 And it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .	
3 An intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .	
2 Trailer park Magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all .	
4 Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .	
1 The setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .	
4 This is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .	
1 Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .	
2 A feature-length , R-rated , road-trip version of Mama 's Family .	
4 Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .	
0 But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .	
0 I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls	
0 The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .	
2 Does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring .	
4 One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...	
3 Oh , and more entertaining , too .	
2 While kids will probably eat the whole thing up , most adults will be way ahead of the plot .	
1 `` Freaky Friday , '' it 's not .	
0 This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .	
4 One of the most original American productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .	
3 Marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .	
2 Veers uncomfortably close to pro-Serb propaganda .	
2 Ice Age posits a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters to go through the motions ?	
3 A knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .	
1 Upper Teens may get cynical .	
1 A light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .	
1 Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots .	
1 Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .	
1 It 's like a drive-by .	
4 Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .	
3 This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .	
1 With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .	
3 Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .	
1 Slap her - she 's not funny !	
0 The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .	
4 This may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen .	
0 Philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .	
3 A meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''	
3 The best part about `` Gangs '' was Daniel Day-Lewis .	
1 Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .	
1 But seriously , folks , it does n't work .	
3 A movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .	
1 The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling .	
4 Return to Never Land is reliable , standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .	
2 Feels like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women .	
1 Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?	
1 Too much of Storytelling moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .	
0 Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .	
4 But darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .	
0 What should have been a cutting Hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .	
0 On a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .	
1 Video games are more involving than this mess .	
2 While Hoffman 's performance is great , the subject matter goes nowhere .	
1 Borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .	
3 It 's definitely a step in the right direction .	
3 One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since The Evil Dead .	
4 A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .	
1 contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II	
2 Has its moments , but it 's pretty far from a treasure .	
1 This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .	
1 The fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .	
3 A sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .	
3 Although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .	
3 Even if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski , it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .	
3 Familiar but utterly delightful .	
0 A less-than-thrilling thriller .	
4 The actors are fantastic .	
3 Close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .	
2 The movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .	
2 Gives us a lot to chew on , but not all of it has been properly digested .	
1 What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .	
4 -LRB- A -RRB- wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .	
3 Mariah Carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls .	
3 Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .	
1 A few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .	
1 Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .	
2 An involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls prey to its sob-story trappings .	
2 Dolman confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .	
3 Shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept -LRB- aliens come to Earth -RRB- and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .	
4 Robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .	
0 Abysmally pathetic	
4 Is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .	
2 A poorly scripted , preachy fable that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda .	
4 -LRB- Westbrook -RRB- makes a wonderful subject for the camera .	
2 Are monsters born , or made ?	
1 Steve Oedekerk is , alas , no Woody Allen .	
3 Jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .	
1 What the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark -LRB- dark green , to be exact -RRB- , sour , bloody and mean .	
3 Simone is not a bad film .	
1 Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen .	
1 -LRB- Toback 's -RRB- fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .	
1 It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .	
4 Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .	
3 By the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .	
1 The Pool drowned me in boredom .	
0 Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .	
4 a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''	
1 For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .	
3 Large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .	
3 A competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .	
1 A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State .	
4 Moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .	
4 If anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .	
2 Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years .	
1 In any case , I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .	
0 Plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .	
3 Somehow Ms. Griffiths and Mr. Pryce bring off this wild Welsh whimsy .	
1 A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .	
3 Holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .	
3 Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American .	
2 A decidedly mixed bag .	
1 Certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .	
1 By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .	
3 Soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .	
4 I have n't laughed that hard in years !	
2 -LRB- The digital effects -RRB- reminded me of Terry Gilliam 's rudimentary old Monty Python cartoons , in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together .	
1 overstylized	
1 The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .	
2 A crisply made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .	
0 The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .	
4 You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .	
2 ... they missed the boat .	
3 It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .	
2 Gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .	
1 A muted freak-out	
1 Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .	
0 A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .	
2 There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash .	
0 Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?	
3 Worth seeing just for Weaver and LaPaglia .	
2 There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side .	
0 Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .	
0 Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .	
0 The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .	
3 Charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .	
3 The film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .	
1 ... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .	
3 There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .	
0 A DOA dud from frame one .	
0 So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .	
0 It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...	
1 Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .	
4 Michael Moore 's latest documentary about America 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...	
4 A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .	
4 A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .	
2 Warmed-over hash .	
1 A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .	
3 May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .	
0 `` Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .	
4 Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .	
3 A sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .	
1 Nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .	
4 A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan .	
4 Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .	
3 When it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .	
4 `` Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .	
0 Enough said , except : Film overboard !	
1 They ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .	
3 Weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .	
1 This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .	
1 I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .	
1 We 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .	
3 A deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .	
3 Sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .	
3 Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .	
4 Writer-director David Jacobson and his star , Jeremy Renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .	
1 Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up .	
3 Everybody loves a David and Goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from David 's point of view .	
1 A bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .	
3 A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .	
3 An enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .	
3 It can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter .	
1 There 's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... -LRB- b -RRB- ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .	
3 Miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .	
1 Even if it is generally amusing from time to time , I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .	
1 This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .	
4 Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful , but gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake .	
1 I admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .	
3 Most consumers of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .	
4 The story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .	
4 The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .	
3 Metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .	
4 Overall , Cletis Tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .	
4 All three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .	
2 Solondz creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .	
2 Famuyiwa 's feature	
2 The cast comes through even when the movie does n't .	
4 The lively appeal of The Last Kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .	
2 It 's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic ' .	
2 The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically .	
3 In the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .	
3 A compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .	
4 The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .	
1 Like its title character , Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .	
2 An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance .	
3 The Lady and the Duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .	
2 Whatever about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards , someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .	
1 Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .	
4 This is one of the year 's best films .	
2 A fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs is either a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies .	
0 Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .	
2 It 's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion .	
1 Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .	
2 As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable , but as sexual manifesto , I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records .	
3 The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment .	
3 With a large cast representing a broad cross-section , Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .	
3 A compelling allegory about the last days of Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic .	
1 Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .	
2 Gaghan	
1 The only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .	
3 A three-hour cinema master class .	
3 Its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .	
2 Like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone .	
3 Essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .	
2 Weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste .	
3 While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .	
0 Swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .	
1 The screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...	
1 Jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .	
0 It is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .	
0 ... an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .	
4 Peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .	
3 The film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .	
0 Aggravating and tedious .	
0 The issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .	
4 Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .	
3 There is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .	
3 A stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .	
4 The film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .	
1 Disjointed parody .	
2 Barely .	
3 Alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .	
1 ` God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '	
1 All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938 .	
1 A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .	
1 Sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .	
4 Those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .	
2 Ultimate X is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine .	
4 For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .	
1 This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .	
3 Plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph .	
2 The umpteenth summer skinny dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .	
2 Sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist Japanese jokes .	
1 Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?	
0 By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .	
4 As commander-in-chief of this film , Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .	
1 Go back to sleep .	
2 Heaven is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .	
1 Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?	
4 A true-blue delight .	
2 Quelle surprise !	
4 Delirious fun .	
2 Spider-Man is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .	
3 That old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar .	
2 There 's an epic here , but you have to put it together yourself .	
3 Though Jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .	
1 The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .	
2 It 's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .	
3 The picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .	
2 Sensitively examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .	
3 A quirky comedy set in Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock .	
2 The film did n't move me one way or the other , but it was an honest effort and if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due .	
2 Much of the digitally altered footage	
4 I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial .	
3 Remember it .	
1 A feeble Tootsie knockoff .	
1 But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .	
3 Land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .	
3 Happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .	
4 Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .	
4 It is definitely worth seeing .	
2 Thin period piece .	
1 A negligible British comedy .	
2 An enigmatic film that 's too clever for its own good , it 's a conundrum not worth solving .	
4 Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .	
3 The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .	
1 Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .	
3 Steven Soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .	
2 into Scrooge .	
0 Shallow , noisy and pretentious .	
4 This is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .	
0 The big-screen Scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .	
0 It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .	
0 One sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .	
3 The mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a T.	
0 Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .	
3 A chilling movie without oppressive gore .	
0 It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .	
0 Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .	
3 The film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .	
3 Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .	
0 This hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .	
4 Especially give credit to Affleck .	
3 works , it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .	
2 A crude teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss .	
3 There 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .	
3 A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .	
4 The large-frame IMAX camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .	
2 It may not be history -- but then again , what if it is ?	
0 A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .	
1 It 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary .	
1 The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .	
3 It has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .	
2 Boy oh boy , it 's a howler .	
0 The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .	
3 If you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .	
2 An unremarkable , modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title .	
1 By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .	
3 The actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .	
4 ... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .	
2 Eric Byler 's nuanced pic avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...	
4 It tends to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing	
1 The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .	
4 More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .	
0 If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .	
3 A moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .	
3 -LRB- The Cockettes -RRB- provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '	
0 The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .	
1 Complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .	
0 A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .	
2 Arnold !	
3 As Janice , Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .	
2 Mostly the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values .	
1 An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .	
1 A soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .	
2 More than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution is a skateboard film as social anthropology ...	
3 The film is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .	
3 The beauty of Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman is in the details .	
3 - West Coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .	
3 Thoroughly enjoyable .	
1 The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .	
2 Tom Green and an Ivy League college should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .	
4 It 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .	
0 I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care .	
0 It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .	
1 He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .	
2 Peralta 's mythmaking could have used some informed , adult hindsight .	
3 This film is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .	
2 With one exception , every blighter in this particular South London housing project digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .	
2 A lack of thesis makes Maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special .	
3 Much of The Lady and the Duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .	
0 Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .	
4 I was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .	
3 Those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to Ichi .	
2 ... hopefully it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around .	
1 Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .	
3 Poetic , heartbreaking .	
1 Cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .	
2 It 's just plain boring .	
3 What 's next ?	
2 Would n't it be funny if a bunch of Allied soldiers went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II ?	
0 The 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .	
4 But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .	
1 Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .	
2 it somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart	
2 Most folks with a real stake in the American sexual landscape will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant .	
4 Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy .	
1 Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .	
1 You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .	
3 Smart and alert , Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .	
3 The film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .	
1 The satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .	
4 Knows how to make our imagination wonder .	
3 It goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .	
1 Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '	
2 Wiseman reveals the victims of domestic abuse in all of their pity and terror .	
1 This dubious product of a college-spawned -LRB- Colgate U. -RRB- comedy ensemble known as Broken Lizard plays like a mix of Cheech and Chong and CHiPs .	
3 The film is a fierce dance of destruction .	
1 If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't , Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .	
3 of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation	
2 The story is so light and sugary that were it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon , extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .	
4 A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .	
1 It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .	
1 While it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side , Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .	
4 Leaping from one arresting image to another , Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .	
4 Matthew Lillard is born to play Shaggy !	
2 Nair and writer Laura Cahill dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .	
3 `` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors	
4 A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .	
4 Canadian filmmaker Gary Burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .	
2 The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing .	
1 Ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel -LRB- About Schmidt -RRB- and an old Payne screenplay .	
3 A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .	
1 An unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .	
3 At times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated -LRB- depending upon where you live -RRB- , Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .	
2 It is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .	
1 With flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , Undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .	
3 Stuffed to the brim with ideas , American instigator Michael Moore 's film is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .	
2 Like being trapped inside a huge video game , where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .	
1 Not just unlikable .	
3 The director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut .	
1 Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .	
2 That 's not vintage Spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .	
3 An ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .	
2 This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and it shows .	
3 Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst .	
1 Never inspires more than an interested detachment .	
3 A huge box-office hit in Korea , Shiri is a must for genre fans .	
3 Meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .	
3 A rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation .	
3 A movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans .	
1 It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .	
3 Elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .	
3 The filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .	
3 While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. '' , it 's not too bad .	
2 A picture as erratic as its central character .	
4 A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna .	
3 But on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .	
3 It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .	
1 Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .	
2 A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze .	
2 A Jewish WW II doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience !	
3 Standing by Yourself is haunting ... -LRB- It 's -RRB- what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .	
1 Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .	
3 Angel presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .	
2 Just a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .	
1 It 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have -LRB- and probably should have -RRB- been a lighthearted comedy .	
2 But , no , we get another scene , and then another .	
1 Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .	
3 ` What 's the Russian word for Wow !? '	
0 It 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .	
1 ... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .	
2 ... is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ?	
2 What begins as a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant .	
1 Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .	
3 If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .	
0 A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .	
4 Ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .	
1 Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .	
1 Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .	
1 Too bad .	
3 Wise and deadpan humorous .	
2 Then Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .	
0 Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera .	
0 Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .	
3 Well-made but mush-hearted .	
4 An action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .	
2 Harris is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .	
3 And the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .	
1 Wishy-washy .	
4 An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .	
2 About a Boy vividly recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .	
1 For something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets -LRB- sci-fi -RRB- rehash .	
0 If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .	
0 This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .	
3 ` If you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '	
3 J. Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : She 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .	
3 Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .	
2 Mildly amusing .	
3 As it turns out , you can go home again .	
1 Unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .	
3 Simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .	
3 dramatic snapshot	
1 Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?	
4 It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .	
0 A predictable , manipulative stinker .	
1 Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .	
3 Despite the surface attractions -- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .	
3 Director Roger Kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .	
0 For dance completists only .	
3 This filmed Tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want .	
1 At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .	
1 Solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .	
2 The result is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .	
0 This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater	
3 Comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .	
0 A relative letdown .	
3 Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .	
3 The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .	
0 Where 's the movie here ?	
4 -LRB- A -RRB- real pleasure in its laid-back way .	
4 While it 's nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy , I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .	
2 The plot 's clearly mythic structure may owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story .	
2 A frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you think it 's a tougher picture than it is .	
0 Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .	
2 The real charm of this trifle is the deadpan comic face of its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep .	
0 Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .	
3 This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but Ayres makes the right choices at every turn .	
2 Bisset delivers a game performance , but she is unable to save the movie .	
1 Quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .	
1 May offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .	
0 Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .	
3 Beautifully directed and convincingly acted .	
1 Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .	
2 A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action .	
2 A movie that 's just plain awful but still manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level .	
3 There 's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.	
4 Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .	
3 Arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .	
3 A hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .	
1 Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge .	
0 Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .	
4 This beautifully animated epic is never dull .	
1 I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .	
4 This documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what -LRB- Evans -RRB- had , lost , and got back .	
2 While Holm is terrific as both men and Hjejle quite appealing , the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .	
1 Novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .	
0 A preposterous , prurient whodunit .	
3 Rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day .	
4 Many a parent and their teen -LRB- or preteen -RRB- kid could bond while watching A Walk To Remember .	
4 A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .	
0 Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .	
1 Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard .	
3 Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .	
1 Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .	
2 The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .	
2 See it now , before the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles .	
2 Parts	
4 It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .	
3 The story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .	
3 The humor and humanity of Monsoon Wedding are in perfect balance .	
3 Earnest , unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable , Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .	
1 I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .	
3 Fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .	
1 The pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .	
3 Bluto Blutarsky , we miss you .	
4 It 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .	
0 Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .	
3 An effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .	
2 Yes they can swim , the title is merely Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through .	
4 Infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane .	
1 Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?	
3 The cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .	
0 Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .	
2 Your taste for Jonah - A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit .	
0 What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .	
2 A dreary indulgence .	
2 Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny .	
4 Like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .	
3 About Schmidt is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear .	
3 A hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .	
2 She 's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life .	
2 Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings .	
4 If you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .	
1 The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .	
0 The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament .	
0 No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .	
4 Best indie of the year , so far .	
3 Instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .	
2 At once emotional and richly analytical , the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .	
1 ... The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .	
1 A noble failure .	
1 How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?	
2 Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks , but not anyone else .	
3 Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver .	
1 The film was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one -LRB- and no one -RRB- .	
1 Director Jay Russell stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .	
2 less on forced air	
0 As it is , it 's too long and unfocused .	
1 In The New Guy , even the bull gets recycled .	
1 It gets old quickly .	
1 This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .	
0 Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short .	
1 Yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .	
3 Witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .	
4 Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece	
3 The film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .	
1 Whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .	
2 A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller with plenty of action and almost no substance .	
1 What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery	
1 This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .	
1 The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .	
2 If you adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting , then this should keep you reasonably entertained .	
0 Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .	
1 about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera	
3 Gently humorous and touching .	
3 A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .	
0 Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .	
3 Transforms one of -LRB- Shakespeare 's -RRB- deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .	
3 Wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars	
0 Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .	
2 It 's time to let your hair down -- Greek style .	
1 Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .	
3 Beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .	
4 The film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .	
0 Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '	
2 With its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment	
3 Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .	
1 Weirdly , Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .	
3 You come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .	
1 ` Butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .	
1 It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .	
2 They were right .	
3 This is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .	
3 A wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .	
3 Rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .	
4 Uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .	
4 Enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .	
4 A riveting documentary .	
3 Secretary is just too original to be ignored .	
4 With this masterful , flawless film , -LRB- Wang -RRB- emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .	
3 What 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .	
0 The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .	
2 Despite its raucous intent , XXX is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .	
1 A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood with a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes .	
1 Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp ca n't sustain it .	
3 A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .	
1 Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .	
4 ... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness -LRB- the way Chekhov is funny -RRB- , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .	
2 Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction , eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .	
3 Everything about The Quiet American is good , except its timing .	
3 Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .	
0 In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .	
4 An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .	
2 What 's the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle ?	
2 , Skins has its heart in the right place	
0 And it 's a lousy one at that .	
2 The movie is our story as much as it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .	
3 Munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .	
0 Horrible .	
0 What more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?	
4 A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .	
4 Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .	
4 I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !	
2 Curling may be a unique sport but Men with Brooms is distinctly ordinary .	
1 There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .	
2 Far away .	
1 Drowning 's too good for this sucker .	
2 Renner ?	
0 It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .	
3 It 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .	
4 Promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .	
3 A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .	
2 to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .	
0 A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .	
3 Combines improbable melodrama -LRB- gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas -RRB- with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .	
1 plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .	
1 Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .	
4 If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .	
0 There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .	
0 Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .	
2 Creeps you out in high style , even if Nakata did it better .	
0 This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .	
3 Fans of critics ' darling band Wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .	
1 Its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .	
1 Where This was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .	
1 The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .	
3 Despite Besson 's high-profile name being Wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .	
1 It 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .	
1 Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .	
1 As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .	
4 -LRB- Danny Huston gives -RRB- an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .	
1 Though Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .	
1 It 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .	
3 It 's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .	
3 The characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .	
0 Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .	
1 It 's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .	
4 A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .	
2 It 's likely that whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one .	
3 A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` Cherish ' a very good -LRB- but not great -RRB- movie .	
2 Wallace gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .	
0 Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .	
1 Meandering and confusing .	
1 While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .	
1 If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .	
1 There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .	
2 Fans of so-bad-they 're - good cinema may find some fun in this jumbled mess .	
3 The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .	
3 Pipe Dream does have its charms .	
2 It 's too bad nothing else is .	
4 A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .	
3 Brave and sweetly rendered love story .	
3 Beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the Marquis de Sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .	
1 It sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .	
4 Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .	
0 It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .	
2 Authentic , and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .	
3 There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .	
1 I wanted more .	
3 Spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than -LRB- Total Recall and Blade Runner -RRB- , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .	
4 But the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .	
3 Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and Lan Yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .	
1 A few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .	
2 ... one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and a whole lot of not much else .	
3 -LRB- F -RRB- rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .	
4 The story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .	
0 -LRB- T -RRB- his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .	
3 The pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze .	
1 Some Body often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .	
0 frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context	
3 It 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .	
1 Pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .	
1 ... a bland , pretentious mess .	
3 The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade .	
1 Feels less like a change in -LRB- Herzog 's -RRB- personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .	
3 When one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best	
4 A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .	
1 The movie is a mess from start to finish .	
0 Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .	
2 Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces do n't quite fit together .	
3 This is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .	
3 Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .	
1 One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .	
4 It 's always enthralling .	
2 ` All in all , Reign of Fire will be a good -LRB- successful -RRB- rental . '	
3 Those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .	
1 Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .	
1 Although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .	
1 A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .	
1 Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .	
4 Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .	
0 I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...	
3 out ballsy and stylish	
0 Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .	
4 Astonishing ... -LRB- frames -RRB- profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .	
0 Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic .	
2 About as original as a gangster sweating bullets while worrying about a contract on his life .	
3 ... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .	
1 If The Full Monty was a freshman fluke , Lucky Break is -LRB- Cattaneo -RRB- sophomore slump .	
3 This bracingly truthful antidote to Hollywood teenage movies that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .	
0 It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .	
4 A must see for all sides of the political spectrum	
2 A drama ?	
3 It 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .	
3 You wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies .	
3 A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .	
1 Choppy , overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle . '	
2 The origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .	
4 A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .	
2 Here 's my advice , Kev .	
3 As literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .	
4 If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .	
0 Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .	
3 Malcolm McDowell is cool .	
0 Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .	
3 A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ... life .	
4 The film is one of the year 's best .	
2 Draggin ' about dragons	
1 The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .	
3 -LRB- Sports -RRB- admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .	
1 Painfully padded .	
2 Many shallower movies these days seem too long , but this one is egregiously short .	
2 Sean Penn , you owe Nicolas Cage an apology .	
2 Sayles is making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation .	
3 Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and steals the show .	
3 Robin Williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side .	
1 But the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .	
3 This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .	
1 The Christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it	
2 Your stomach for Heaven depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .	
0 An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .	
1 I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .	
1 If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.	
2 You might be shocked to discover that Seinfeld 's real life is boring .	
4 Exciting documentary .	
0 Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .	
0 Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .	
3 As dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .	
2 ... only Bond can save us from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction .	
3 A wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .	
3 For his first attempt at film noir , Spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .	
1 can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included	
3 A solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .	
4 The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .	
2 When the precise nature of Matthew 's predicament finally comes into sharp focus , the revelation fails to justify the build-up .	
1 Director Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .	
2 The plot plummets into a comedy graveyard before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .	
4 I loved this film .	
0 Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .	
0 ... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .	
1 It 's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .	
4 Judith and Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .	
2 It is an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .	
0 The only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .	
3 Blade II merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .	
4 With Dirty Deeds , David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .	
1 Rock 's stand-up magic wanes .	
1 The end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .	
0 The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .	
2 Ninety minutes of Viva Castro !	
1 There is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .	
4 Handled correctly , Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .	
0 The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .	
1 The Merchant-Ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .	
1 Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .	
1 It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .	
1 I found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .	
3 For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .	
1 The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .	
1 Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .	
3 Giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .	
4 Boisterous , heartfelt comedy .	
3 Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .	
3 Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .	
3 has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .	
1 Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .	
1 Some Body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .	
0 Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .	
0 This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .	
3 Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .	
1 The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .	
1 ` CQ may one day be fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about	
1 This 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .	
0 Comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .	
0 It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .	
3 A grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .	
2 has -RRB-	
1 Every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .	
1 Unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .	
0 Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .	
1 The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .	
3 -LRB- While The Last Metro -RRB- was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .	
0 Cinematic poo .	
3 Leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .	
3 A hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of Claude Chabrol .	
1 If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...	
2 Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy , but they are n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space .	
1 Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .	
3 We 're drawn in by the dark luster .	
1 A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .	
3 This is Christmas Future for a lot of baby boomers .	
0 Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .	
1 ... built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .	
1 Not only does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .	
1 Jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .	
3 A creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .	
2 than ` Magnifique ' .	
1 Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .	
2 The tone errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .	
2 It 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film earn their uplift .	
0 As pedestrian as they come .	
0 It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .	
3 Even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking	
3 It 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .	
1 Though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .	
2 The camera whirls !	
2 Punitively affirmational parable .	
0 This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .	
3 Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .	
3 Lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .	
1 The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .	
0 None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .	
3 Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision .	
4 For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .	
4 Witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .	
0 Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .	
3 It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .	
4 `` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .	
0 Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .	
4 But what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .	
4 Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .	
4 This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .	
4 The movie is a trove of delights .	
0 For its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .	
0 It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''	
2 It 's a fanboy ` what if ? '	
0 It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .	
1 While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .	
3 For every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian -LRB- Orlando Jones -RRB- who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .	
2 I survived .	
2 The Pinochet Case is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .	
3 The quirky and recessive charms of co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker help overcome the problematic script .	
1 Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV , tackles more than she can handle .	
3 It 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .	
0 Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly as possible	
3 A little better than Sorcerer 's Stone .	
4 Amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .	
0 This thing works on no level whatsoever for me .	
3 The film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .	
4 Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .	
3 A diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of Palestinian and Israeli children .	
0 Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .	
1 A movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .	
4 Enticing and often funny documentary .	
4 P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .	
3 For those in search of something different , Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .	
4 The writing is clever and the cast is appealing .	
0 Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .	
3 The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady , is painterly .	
1 ... Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .	
2 Brown 's saga , like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .	
3 Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .	
0 The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .	
3 The complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we Westerners have seen before .	
3 A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .	
3 A great companion piece to other Napoleon films .	
2 Rodriguez ... was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .	
0 once she lets her love depraved leads meet , -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle	
3 Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .	
1 Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .	
1 Sadly , Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .	
3 Contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .	
2 I highly recommend Irwin , but not in the way this film showcases him .	
3 Unlike lots of Hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .	
1 Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .	
2 Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless , but it 's also drab and inert .	
1 For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .	
0 No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .	
3 Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , What Time Is It There ?	
4 An engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .	
2 One gets the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .	
3 A sensitive and astute first feature by Anne-Sophie Birot .	
3 Funny and touching .	
4 A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .	
1 It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .	
1 For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league .	
3 A dreadful day in Irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .	
2 A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom -- handguns , BMWs and seaside chateaus .	
1 With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .	
2 If you thought Tom Hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star , wait until you 've seen him eight stories tall .	
3 City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .	
3 Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .	
4 Jeffrey Tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is Oscar-worthy .	
1 It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .	
1 Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .	
2 Schnitzler 's film has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but is still only partly satisfying .	
3 A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .	
3 Walter Hill 's Undisputed is like a 1940s Warner Bros. .	
0 Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .	
3 A stirring road movie .	
3 Sly , sophisticated and surprising .	
3 - I also wanted a little alien as a friend !	
0 You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .	
2 Whether Quitting will prove absorbing to American audiences is debatable .	
1 It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .	
3 I know that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again	
3 -LRB- Gayton 's script -RRB- telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .	
3 harmlessly	
1 Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .	
1 It 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard -LRB- Eileen Walsh -RRB- when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .	
2 High Crimes knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort .	
4 A lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .	
1 A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .	
0 An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .	
1 A rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .	
1 Although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another Major League .	
4 Though few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works , Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .	
1 Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .	
1 A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .	
3 It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .	
2 It 's a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack .	
1 Lawrence should stick to his day job .	
1 Rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .	
3 On the Granger Movie Gauge of 1 to 10 , The Powerpuff Girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .	
3 A small movie with a big heart .	
1 Charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions .	
3 It 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .	
3 Reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` Signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .	
3 Daughter From Danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story	
0 The movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .	
3 I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !	
2 In both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .	
3 Watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .	
3 Passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...	
2 A violent initiation rite for the audience , as much as it is for Angelique , the -LRB- opening -RRB- dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .	
3 While not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .	
3 ... strips Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .	
1 The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .	
2 Alas , another breathless movie about same !	
1 Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .	
3 The performances are uniformly good .	
1 A low-rent retread of the Alien pictures .	
2 Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and mystical tenderness becomes narrative expedience .	
2 There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises ... but that 's OK .	
3 For once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .	
3 But it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .	
1 With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .	
4 Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .	
0 The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .	
0 -LRB- Lee -RRB- treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .	
0 To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !	
2 Largely , this is a movie that also does it by the numbers .	
3 But they fascinate in their recklessness .	
0 Thumbs down .	
3 ... a light , yet engrossing piece .	
3 The big ending surprise almost saves the movie .	
1 Been there done that .	
3 The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal .	
3 A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans xtc .	
4 Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .	
4 What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .	
0 `` Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .	
4 It cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .	
3 ... spiced with humor -LRB- ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand -RRB- and witty updatings -LRB- Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around -RRB-	
0 director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention	
3 Matters play out realistically if not always fairly .	
1 It drowns in sap .	
2 Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .	
3 There 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .	
3 A memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .	
1 Frida is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance .	
2 A relatively effective little potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .	
1 Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .	
1 The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .	
2 The best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding .	
3 A realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .	
1 The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .	
2 The whole affair is as predictable as can be .	
2 The plot meanders from gripping to plodding and back .	
3 `` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era	
1 Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier .	
0 Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .	
2 A bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career .	
2 They 're going through the motions , but the zip is gone .	
3 An infinitely wittier version of the Home Alone formula .	
2 The movie is obviously a labour of love so Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted .	
1 Too silly to take seriously .	
3 Clint Eastwood 's Blood Work is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .	
2 Dogtown and Z-Boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution . ''	
3 The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .	
1 It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .	
3 Children , Christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .	
3 Terry is a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .	
0 We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .	
1 Nothing about them is attractive .	
1 Less than fresh .	
4 -LRB- A -RRB- thoughtful , visually graceful work .	
0 Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .	
3 A movie just for Friday fans , critics be damned .	
4 The performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .	
1 It 's got the brawn , but not the brains .	
2 In his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter , Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .	
4 Blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .	
4 Beautifully produced .	
2 Where Bowling for Columbine is at its most valuable is in its examination of America 's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .	
2 It may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate .	
2 The party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks .	
2 It 's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .	
2 It is up to you to decide if you need to see it .	
2 This Scarlet 's letter is A. . .	
0 To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .	
2 Put it somewhere between Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell in the pantheon of Billy Bob 's body of work .	
1 Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .	
3 If you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .	
4 A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .	
0 A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .	
1 With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .	
3 It must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes .	
1 What 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .	
1 The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .	
3 An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .	
4 One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .	
4 An intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .	
4 For VeggieTales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .	
3 It 's sort of in-between , and it works .	
3 Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .	
1 Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .	
1 But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...	
4 A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary .	
0 ... pitiful , slapdash disaster .	
4 ... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .	
1 But even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .	
3 High drama , Disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .	
1 The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .	
3 Smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .	
3 In the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .	
3 Despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .	
2 Y	
3 Another trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' . '	
3 Initially gripping , eventually cloying POW drama .	
4 ... could easily be called the best Korean film of 2002 .	
2 Trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease .	
1 Steven Soderbergh does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .	
1 They kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .	
4 The film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .	
1 TV skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .	
4 It 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .	
3 Clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...	
3 Generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .	
4 While Tattoo borrows heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .	
3 Definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the Roman Colosseum .	
2 The result might look like Vulgar .	
3 Films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .	
3 George Lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .	
0 You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .	
3 It has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .	
2 an insular world	
1 What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .	
1 The code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .	
1 It has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .	
3 It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .	
4 Secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .	
2 ... either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept or you 're not .	
1 At best , Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .	
0 If you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .	
1 A brutally dry satire of Middle American numbness .	
1 Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .	
3 Who knows , but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .	
1 Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .	
1 ... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .	
3 The spaniel-eyed Jean Reno infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .	
4 If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .	
3 A film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .	
2 Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end .	
0 An extremely unpleasant film .	
3 Like its parade of predecessors , this Halloween is a gory slash-fest .	
1 Stress ` dumb . '	
3 Sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .	
2 You have once again entered the bizarre realm where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .	
1 Just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .	
3 According to Wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .	
4 The search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .	
2 Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there	
3 To others , it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .	
3 -LRB- Allen -RRB- manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .	
2 Some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff .	
3 A good thriller .	
1 In his role of observer of the scene , Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .	
2 `` Secretary '' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal .	
2 It follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film : Someone crosses Arnie .	
3 Argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .	
4 It 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .	
3 This seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .	
4 The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .	
1 Overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .	
2 It did n't go straight to video .	
1 While the transgressive trappings -LRB- especially the frank sex scenes -RRB- ensure that the film is never dull , Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .	
4 As the movie traces Mr. Brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .	
0 Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...	
0 In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .	
2 Although melodramatic and predictable , this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .	
1 A generic international version of a typical American horror film .	
1 -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .	
4 Far more enjoyable than its predecessor .	
4 The entire cast is extraordinarily good .	
1 -LRB- Stevens is -RRB- so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .	
3 Although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make Italian for Beginners worth the journey	
3 Apart from its own considerable achievement	
3 If you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .	
1 The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions .	
2 Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more time spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .	
3 An ebullient Tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .	
2 Feels as if the inmates have actually taken over the asylum .	
3 In the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .	
2 A glossy knock-off of a B-movie revenge flick .	
2 Debate it .	
1 If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .	
3 Reign of Fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .	
1 It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman .	
4 A solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .	
0 A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .	
3 A tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .	
2 Soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .	
0 a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .	
3 What does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?	
1 So we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .	
2 As spent screen series go , Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .	
1 Unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .	
4 We admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .	
1 When ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .	
2 I do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff .	
3 Funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .	
1 A high-minded snoozer .	
3 In an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .	
4 One of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .	
0 Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .	
1 Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .	
1 A sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .	
3 It 's not particularly well made , but since I found myself howling more than cringing , I 'd say the film works .	
2 Barrels along at the start before becoming mired in sentimentality .	
3 Short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .	
4 Begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .	
2 foreshadowing	
3 Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .	
1 Everything is off .	
2 The film is a blunt indictment , part of a perhaps surreal campaign to bring Kissinger to trial for crimes against humanity .	
2 Almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited .	
2 It looks much more like a cartoon in the end than The Simpsons ever has .	
3 The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !	
3 The story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .	
4 A poignant lyricism runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .	
0 Sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .	
1 The film is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film .	
0 ` In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '	
1 As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .	
3 The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective .	
3 -LRB- `` Safe Conduct '' -RRB- is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .	
3 A lovely film for the holiday season .	
2 What a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .	
1 The movie spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams , even though her performance is more interesting -LRB- and funnier -RRB- than his .	
2 You get the idea , though , that Kapur intended the film to be more than that .	
3 This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .	
1 You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .	
1 Unwieldy contraption .	
2 A flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly succeeds .	
0 One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .	
4 Mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh .	
2 Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period ... its message is not rooted in that decade .	
1 Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .	
4 The way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .	
2 National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House , but it more closely resembles this year 's version of Tomcats .	
4 It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller .	
3 Throughout , Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .	
1 Aan opportunity wasted .	
0 In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .	
1 Even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .	
4 This is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .	
2 When Seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit , I wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid ! '	
3 Even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .	
1 Instead of trying to bust some blondes , -LRB- Diggs -RRB- should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .	
3 An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .	
3 Sorvino is delightful in the central role .	
3 Twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .	
3 An impeccable study in perversity .	
2 Examines its explosive subject matter as nonjudgmentally as Wiseman 's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers .	
2 In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time .	
3 An entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .	
1 After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .	
4 delightfully rendered	
4 Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .	
2 Comedy troupe Broken Lizard 's first movie is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot .	
4 Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .	
3 It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .	
2 A sincere but dramatically conflicted gay coming-of-age tale .	
3 For all its brooding quality , Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .	
1 A non-Britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .	
4 Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .	
1 While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .	
0 The whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .	
4 Leave it to the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .	
3 There 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .	
3 A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .	
2 I have two words to say about Reign of Fire .	
3 The engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .	
3 What emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .	
3 A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie caper Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels .	
3 There 's plenty to impress about E.T.	
1 The fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .	
3 It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .	
2 If you do n't ... well , skip to another review .	
2 Almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences .	
1 Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...	
4 You have to see it .	
1 Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .	
1 An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .	
4 The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .	
3 A modestly surprising movie .	
1 Deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .	
3 Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .	
0 I 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .	
4 -LRB- Breheny 's -RRB- lensing of the New Zealand and Cook Island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .	
1 Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .	
4 But the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .	
2 Everything its title implies , a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .	
3 It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .	
0 The disjointed mess flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .	
3 Contrived as this may sound , Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .	
1 It 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .	
4 A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?	
1 Claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .	
3 All right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny -LRB- sometimes hilarious -RRB- comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .	
0 Make like the title and dodge this one .	
2 Director Roger Michell does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff .	
1 The first mistake , I suspect , is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?	
4 -LRB- Washington 's -RRB- strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .	
3 A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .	
3 Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise .	
2 Absorbing character	
3 For all its problems ... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .	
3 Nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream . '	
2 With lesser talents , High Crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .	
4 An eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .	
0 What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .	
3 Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .	
3 A French film with a more down-home flavor .	
1 Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire .	
0 The sheer dumbness of the plot -LRB- other than its one good idea -RRB- and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .	
4 This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .	
1 The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .	
3 Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .	
4 Blessed with a searing lead performance by Ryan Gosling -LRB- Murder by Numbers -RRB- , the movie is powerful and provocative .	
4 A funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a British cast to rival Gosford Park 's .	
3 It 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .	
2 But , for that , why not watch a documentary ?	
4 One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .	
1 Throw Smoochy from the train !	
0 Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .	
3 A witty , whimsical feature debut .	
4 Hailed as a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .	
3 Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .	
4 Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .	
2 New Yorkers always seem to find the oddest places to dwell ...	
2 There are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .	
4 While maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .	
2 A little objectivity could have gone a long way .	
4 Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .	
2 The soupy end result has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .	
1 Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .	
3 Bravado Kathy !	
1 A big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .	
1 While it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .	
4 -LRB- Taymor -RRB- utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .	
2 ` Tobey Maguire is a poster boy for the geek generation . '	
3 It may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns .	
4 Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .	
1 Every joke is repeated at least four times .	
3 There is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .	
2 Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate .	
3 A wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .	
0 You 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .	
0 The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .	
1 From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .	
3 Straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .	
4 `` The best Disney movie since the Lion King ''	
1 With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...	
3 A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .	
3 The attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .	
3 Dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .	
2 Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto .	
3 I will be .	
1 Insufferably naive .	
3 If anything , see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick .	
2 Personal Velocity ought to be exploring these women 's inner lives , but it never moves beyond their surfaces .	
2 Merry friggin ' Christmas !	
3 An ambitious ` what if ? '	
3 With Notorious C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .	
3 It 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .	
1 Obvious .	
2 The Country Bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers .	
2 The movie plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .	
2 ... delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .	
1 Serving Sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .	
1 Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .	
1 Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?	
2 Qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .	
3 Cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .	
2 The obligatory break-ups and hook-ups do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .	
2 LaBute was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public .	
2 Occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring , often boring .	
4 The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .	
0 Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .	
3 Thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .	
3 Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .	
0 Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth .	
3 A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .	
4 I am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .	
2 Cinematic pratfalls given a working over .	
2 Films are made of little moments .	
3 Nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .	
3 A different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .	
1 Though Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .	
2 Secretary is not a movie about fetishism .	
1 Dignified CEO 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .	
1 I 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .	
3 A charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .	
1 An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .	
1 By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .	
4 A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .	
2 Neither a rousing success nor a blinding embarrassment .	
1 Rosenthal -LRB- Halloween II -RRB- seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .	
2 At its best ... Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .	
3 It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .	
4 An engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .	
1 A supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .	
2 Film ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .	
4 An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .	
2 But the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .	
0 For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown .	
3 You 'll end up moved .	
0 You have no affinity for most of the characters .	
3 A wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .	
0 The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .	
3 It grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .	
4 MY LITTLE EYE is the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years .	
1 The movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .	
3 All in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .	
4 The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .	
1 Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .	
0 Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .	
1 It 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .	
3 It does give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .	
1 A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .	
1 A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .	
4 Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .	
2 This is amusing for about three minutes .	
1 The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .	
0 What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .	
1 The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .	
4 It works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .	
3 The low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .	
2 A perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive , easily forgettable film .	
1 Broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .	
1 An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .	
1 A simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .	
3 It looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .	
3 There 's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger .	
3 In its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .	
1 Shallow .	
3 -LRB- There 's -RRB- quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin .	
2 Occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive , a footnote to a still evolving story .	
3 Uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .	
2 With this new Rollerball , sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .	
1 -LRB- I -RRB- t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but Barbershop is n't as funny as it should be .	
2 Only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience .	
1 A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .	
2 ` Would n't it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ? '	
2 A portrait of an artist .	
1 Like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through , the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .	
0 The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .	
0 The script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .	
2 None of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond , but much of it is good for a laugh .	
3 A bold -LRB- and lovely -RRB- experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .	
4 A moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .	
3 Passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , Helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .	
1 An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .	
3 S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .	
0 Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .	
3 Terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .	
0 -LRB- MacDowell -RRB- ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .	
3 Some Body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .	
1 Why ?	
1 It looks good , but it is essentially empty .	
4 Goofy , nutty , consistently funny .	
2 The main problem being that it 's only a peek .	
3 An unflinching , complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen .	
0 That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .	
0 A fifty car pileup of cliches .	
4 a joyous occasion	
0 An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one .	
3 The filmmakers wisely decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .	
4 While centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .	
3 Although Frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .	
4 What could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .	
3 Williams absolutely nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .	
1 Sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .	
0 Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .	
4 Intriguing and stylish .	
3 A moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .	
2 Eccentric enough to stave off doldrums , Caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .	
2 The camera twirls !	
2 Two hours of sepia-tinted heavy metal images and surround sound effects of people moaning .	
4 Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .	
4 But while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .	
1 Its generic villains lack any intrigue -LRB- other than their funny accents -RRB- and the action scenes are poorly delivered .	
4 A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .	
1 Shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .	
3 A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .	
2 Make no mistake , ivans xtc .	
2 One of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way .	
3 A mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history .	
1 The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .	
3 A winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .	
3 It 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .	
1 If you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .	
4 If the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .	
1 Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .	
1 It just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .	
4 Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .	
3 As comedic spotlights go , Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .	
1 Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .	
4 Spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .	
0 The result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .	
0 Oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .	
1 Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .	
0 Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .	
1 This is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .	
3 Never once predictable .	
1 `` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''	
3 The pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .	
1 ... the good and different idea -LRB- of middle-aged romance -RRB- is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''	
2 The dominant feeling is something like nostalgia . '	
1 Too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .	
3 Has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .	
2 There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies .	
4 An interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .	
4 ... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .	
1 Seriously , rent the Disney version .	
3 They are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .	
2 Almost .	
3 Strange it is , but delightfully so .	
3 Amidst the action , the script carries Arnold -LRB- and the viewers -RRB- into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''	
1 One of those so-so films that could have been much better .	
1 Clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .	
0 The only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .	
0 Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .	
3 For all the wit and hoopla , Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .	
4 See Scratch for the history , see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .	
3 Campbell Scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .	
3 There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one .	
4 Enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .	
0 Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .	
3 -LRB- At least -RRB- Moore is a real charmer .	
4 Jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .	
1 Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .	
1 The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .	
3 Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan '' have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war .	
0 Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .	
4 There is greatness here .	
4 It zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .	
4 More than anything else , Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .	
2 It 's just a little too self-satisfied .	
3 It finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .	
2 the Venezuelans say things like `` si , pretty much '' and `` por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans .	
4 The film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .	
0 Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .	
1 Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .	
1 Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .	
2 Eckstraordinarily lame and Severely boring .	
2 The film favors the scientific over the spectacular -LRB- visually speaking -RRB- .	
3 The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .	
2 journalism of the 1960s .	
3 Oh , James !	
2 It 's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .	
2 The movie just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .	
2 The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line .	
2 A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others .	
1 Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .	
1 This toothless Dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .	
2 Shamelessly resorting to pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still , Myer 's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail	
4 An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .	
3 It is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .	
1 Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional .	
3 Mama Africa pretty much delivers on that promise .	
3 Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .	
3 The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed .	
2 That the Chuck Norris `` grenade gag '' occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .	
2 Ozpetek joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .	
1 There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .	
3 But not without cheesy fun factor .	
1 Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .	
1 The April 2002 instalment of the American War for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .	
3 The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed .	
2 cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .	
4 It 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .	
1 And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .	
4 Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ... Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .	
3 And the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .	
2 An empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility .	
3 A confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .	
4 So original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .	
0 The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .	
1 A great script brought down by lousy direction .	
3 Despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .	
3 The journey is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .	
4 The entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .	
0 Rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .	
2 Everything is pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify .	
1 More a gunfest than a Rock concert .	
0 The entire movie is in need of a scented bath .	
3 Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun .	
3 A superlative B movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .	
3 An unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .	
3 The best film of the year 2002 .	
1 A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .	
2 Would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ?	
2 A movie that at its best does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .	
3 Chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .	
3 The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians .	
3 Lightweight but appealing .	
4 Beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .	
3 Highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .	
0 This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea -LRB- or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really -RRB- in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why ? '	
4 More than their unique residences , Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .	
1 It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .	
2 Gere gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it .	
4 Except it 's much , much better .	
1 A straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .	
3 An unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .	
3 And Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .	
1 This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .	
0 McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .	
1 Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .	
1 A grating , emaciated flick .	
1 Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .	
4 It 's that good .	
3 Despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .	
1 Blood Work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period .	
1 Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?	
2 Five screenwriters	
3 This slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon .	
3 The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .	
4 An energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching -LRB- or turntablism -RRB- in particular .	
1 Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .	
4 Ryan Gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .	
3 Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .	
0 Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .	
1 A listless and desultory affair .	
3 Cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries .	
3 A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .	
3 `` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''	
1 Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '	
1 The problem is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .	
1 I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !	
1 Go , girls , right down the reality drain .	
1 One-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .	
1 The story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count .	
1 Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them .	
3 Those who do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .	
1 jumps around with little logic or continuity ,	
3 Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .	
1 There 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .	
3 This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .	
0 An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .	
0 Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .	
4 Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .	
3 Writer\/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .	
4 It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .	
2 ` Hey Arnold ! '	
2 The most anti-human big studio picture since 3000 Miles to Graceland .	
2 This is more a case of ` Sacre bleu ! '	
4 A bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .	
1 Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .	
3 Manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .	
1 The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .	
0 A dreary movie .	
0 There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .	
4 Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .	
1 While the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .	
2 Less about Shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations .	
4 The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .	
2 With lines that feel like long soliloquies -- even as they are being framed in conversation -- Max is static , stilted .	
4 an admirable , sometimes exceptional film	
2 A typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that is too heavy for all that has preceded it .	
1 Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .	
1 This is no `` Waterboy ! ''	
2 Vampire epic succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order .	
3 Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here , but a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .	
4 Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .	
4 A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I saw the film .	
4 Speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .	
1 Do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .	
1 It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .	
0 Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .	
3 Most of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure are still there .	
2 DeMeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material .	
3 Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all .	
2 it may play well as a double feature with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding	
1 Kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for -LRB- or worth rooting against , for that matter -RRB- .	
3 Often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .	
0 Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .	
4 `` Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .	
1 Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .	
3 Me no lika da accents so good , but I thoroughly enjoyed the love story .	
1 Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .	
1 -LRB- Evans is -RRB- a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .	
4 This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .	
3 That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring .	
2 Although it does n't always hang together -- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .	
0 An awful lot like one of -LRB- Spears ' -RRB- music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .	
3 Pratfalls aside , Barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .	
1 The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... -LRB- it -RRB- comes off like a Hallmark commercial .	
1 A minor-league soccer remake of The Longest Yard .	
4 One of the year 's best films , featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .	
4 The genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .	
2 It 's all a rather shapeless good time ...	
0 A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .	
1 But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .	
1 As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .	
3 Rewarding .	
0 An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .	
3 She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .	
1 It 's drab .	
4 The Son Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .	
1 The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?	
2 Each punch seen through prison bars , the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs. man as Brother-Man vs. The Man .	
2 The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster .	
3 You may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear .	
3 What saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .	
2 Post 9\/11 the philosophical message of `` Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .	
1 A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .	
2 Decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like .	
3 Efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .	
2 The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long .	
3 Bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .	
0 Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .	
3 Between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .	
4 An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .	
1 Even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .	
4 Gives everyone something to shout about .	
0 What an embarrassment .	
3 Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .	
1 For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .	
2 ... salaciously simplistic .	
2 Vividly conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two English women .	
2 -LRB- Garbus -RRB- discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .	
3 While dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .	
3 The viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .	
3 While it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .	
2 An exhilarating serving of movie fluff .	
4 A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian English title would have you believe .	
2 As any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death .	
3 According to the script , Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other .	
0 The picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .	
0 This is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .	
4 ... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .	
4 Spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .	
0 A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '	
2 A movie that seems motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story .	
4 Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .	
0 To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .	
3 An alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .	
0 ... really horrible drek .	
3 Wow .	
1 Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market .	
3 At once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .	
3 Though Jones and Snipes are enthralling	
3 If the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .	
2 A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present .	
4 It 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .	
4 Weaver and LaPaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .	
0 Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .	
0 Vulgar is too optimistic a title .	
0 Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit .	
3 The film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .	
1 Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .	
1 The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .	
1 Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .	
2 Do you say `` hi '' to your lover when you wake up in the morning ?	
0 You 'll cry for your money back .	
0 Like a can of 2-day old Coke .	
2 Overall , it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .	
4 The camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .	
3 It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .	
3 As refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .	
4 As a science fiction movie , `` Minority Report '' astounds .	
1 Wewannour money back , actually .	
1 There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .	
2 For single digits kidlets Stuart Little 2 is still a no brainer .	
4 Well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .	
4 Miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .	
4 There 's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .	
3 Evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .	
3 A decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit Franklin needs to stay afloat in Hollywood .	
3 Like any good romance , Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .	
1 Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .	
1 The trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .	
4 Daring and beautifully made .	
0 There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .	
0 Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .	
1 If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .	
3 Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .	
0 A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .	
2 It 's about time .	
1 Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .	
3 The concept behind Kung Pow : Enter the Fist is hilarious .	
1 Apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .	
2 Bravo reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .	
4 An escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .	
2 Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it does n't disgrace it , either .	
1 Breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .	
1 The filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .	
4 Spiderman ROCKS	
1 Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .	
0 Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .	
4 Light-years ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically .	
4 A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .	
3 From its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , Martin is a masterfully conducted work .	
1 Cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .	
0 Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .	
3 And there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .	
1 The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .	
0 Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .	
3 An energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .	
2 Mild , meandering teen flick .	
1 Plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .	
3 An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .	
0 ... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .	
0 As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .	
1 If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .	
1 ... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .	
1 Sadly , as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .	
4 Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .	
2 Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr. Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .	
2 Sunshine State surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology .	
4 ... very funny , very enjoyable ...	
1 ... Watching it was painful .	
3 A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .	
3 Very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .	
0 Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .	
1 Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .	
2 The problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .	
3 Despite its shortcomings , Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .	
0 Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .	
4 Hopkins , squarely fills the screen .	
1 Feels less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .	
1 Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .	
4 If you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this Oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .	
3 An enjoyable above average summer diversion .	
0 About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .	
1 Curiously , Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .	
1 Obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time -LRB- including mine -RRB- on something very inconsequential .	
2 It 's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .	
1 A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .	
2 One of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels in movie history .	
3 What one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .	
1 Frankly , it 's pretty stupid .	
1 The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .	
2 A static and sugary little half-hour , after-school special about interfaith understanding , stretched out to 90 minutes .	
3 A moving , if uneven , success .	
0 A 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .	
0 The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .	
3 A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .	
2 When in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .	
3 captures that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''	
2 ... passable enough for a shoot-out in the o.k. court house of life type of flick .	
4 The art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack .	
1 There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .	
1 There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .	
2 Charming and funny -LRB- but ultimately silly -RRB- movie .	
1 Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .	
2 The good is very , very good ... The rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful .	
2 About Amy 's cuteness , Amy 's career success -LRB- she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself -RRB- , and Amy 's neuroses when it comes to men .	
4 Rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .	
1 What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .	
3 The usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director Michael Apted and writer Tom Stoppard .	
2 It remains to be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again , who says he has to ?	
3 Wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .	
1 Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .	
3 -LRB- Russell -RRB- makes good B movies -LRB- The Mask , The Blob -RRB- , and The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards .	
2 The threat	
1 Sounding like Arnold Schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , -LRB- Ahola -RRB- has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .	
2 Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks .	
3 Visually , ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .	
3 A brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .	
2 The film virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .	
1 Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it .	
3 There are no special effects , and no Hollywood endings .	
2 While the mystery unravels , the characters respond by hitting on each other .	
1 Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .	
1 Not so much farcical as sour .	
3 It 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .	
3 The film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .	
1 Throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .	
2 When the twist endings were actually surprising ?	
2 The ending does n't work ... but most of the movie works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong .	
2 But Death to Smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .	
0 A major waste ... generic .	
4 As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .	
0 Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .	
3 -LRB- Allen 's -RRB- best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America diversions could ever be .	
1 As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .	
4 A distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .	
4 Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness , but Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .	
2 Maid in Manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road ... But as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection .	
4 I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was Earnest .	
0 I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .	
3 A bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .	
1 If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .	
2 Newcomer helmer Kevin Donovan is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .	
2 Director-chef Gabriele Muccino keeps it fast -- zippy , comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale .	
3 Bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .	
2 They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film .	
1 The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .	
3 It never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .	
3 It is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .	
3 A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .	
1 I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .	
1 Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .	
2 On a certain base level , Blue Crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .	
3 It is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual	
2 A farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise , it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .	
1 This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .	
1 The screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .	
2 Most of the characters come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .	
0 But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .	
4 Mr. Deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .	
0 Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?	
1 Like an Afterschool Special with costumes by Gianni Versace , Mad Love looks better than it feels .	
1 The only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .	
1 It 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .	
2 You 'll get the enjoyable basic minimum .	
2 Is Red Dragon worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies ?	
4 It 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .	
3 It made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .	
1 Eight Legged Freaks falls flat as a spoof .	
3 Cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .	
2 Meant for Star Wars fans .	
0 Does n't deserve a passing grade -LRB- even on a curve -RRB- .	
1 -LRB- T -RRB- he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .	
2 The whole mildly pleasant outing -- the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse -- remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen .	
0 It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .	
2 Visually exciting sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .	
3 One of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .	
3 As chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study , Snide and Prejudice .	
2 Made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because -LRB- Solondz 's -RRB- cool compassion is on the border of bemused contempt .	
0 This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .	
1 At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .	
3 Your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .	
3 Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .	
0 In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .	
1 Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .	
3 Succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .	
1 The result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .	
1 Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .	
3 Poignant and delicately complex .	
3 While we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .	
1 Despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .	
1 Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?	
2 If you do n't laugh , flee .	
1 Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it .	
2 It 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .	
0 Koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .	
2 Defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it .	
2 You want to call Domino 's .	
1 I do n't think so .	
1 Much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .	
2 A somewhat disappointing and meandering saga .	
4 Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .	
3 Meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .	
1 The movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .	
1 Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .	
3 Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .	
3 But never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti	
2 Yet another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other 's existence .	
3 Graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies .	
0 Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .	
1 Sandra Bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .	
2 Sa da TAY !	
2 But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .	
1 Feels like a cold old man going through the motions .	
4 A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .	
1 As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .	
1 It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .	
3 And we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .	
1 This Bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .	
1 More likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .	
3 Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .	
2 Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before .	
4 Happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .	
3 But even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .	
0 The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .	
0 A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .	
2 Rabbit-Proof Fence will probably make you angry .	
3 Steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .	
1 Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .	
2 This is the first full scale WWII flick from Hong Kong 's John Woo .	
2 The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but the lazy plotting ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off .	
1 After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .	
3 It thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that -LRB- Jaglom -RRB- pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice .	
0 It 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .	
3 Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .	
3 To those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .	
0 You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .	
4 Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .	
1 The only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .	
1 One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .	
1 The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .	
1 A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .	
3 A fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .	
3 I liked this film a lot ...	
2 Or that the battery on your watch has died .	
1 Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .	
2 ... a trashy little bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and a bewildering sense of self-importance	
1 Feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .	
1 While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .	
3 But it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .	
4 It 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .	
2 ... a ho-hum affair , always watchable yet hardly memorable .	
3 ... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .	
3 I do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .	
1 On the evidence before us , the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .	
3 Jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .	
2 Snipes relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .	
3 Murderous Maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...	
2 An intriguing near-miss .	
3 Oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .	
3 The film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .	
3 Filmmakers Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann area headed east , Far East , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie	
3 Wow , so who knew Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ?	
3 The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .	
3 A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China .	
2 More of an intriguing curiosity than a gripping thriller .	
3 The hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty .	
3 A delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .	
2 The first half bursts with a goofy energy previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .	
1 The skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .	
1 The movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .	
3 Tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .	
1 If they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .	
1 The story the movie tells is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .	
2 If you do n't flee , you might be seduced .	
4 A compelling film .	
2 Absurdities and	
2 Clever but not especially compelling .	
1 My advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .	
2 If Mr. Zhang 's subject matter is , to some degree at least , quintessentially American , his approach to storytelling might be called Iranian .	
3 Confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk .	
4 Morvern Callar confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .	
3 Maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .	
3 Garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .	
4 The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .	
4 A stylish thriller .	
0 A story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .	
3 It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .	
2 fast , frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten	
3 A spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .	
2 Funny , though .	
3 Likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?	
2 Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together .	
4 It leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .	
0 You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .	
1 Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .	
3 Hey , Happy !	
4 There 's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .	
3 A funny film .	
1 Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .	
3 They can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .	
0 The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final -LRB- restored -RRB- third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .	
1 An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .	
3 This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '	
2 It 's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video , it 's well worth a rental .	
0 The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .	
4 An exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .	
1 This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .	
2 And how .	
1 The adventure does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 .	
3 As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .	
3 Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !	
3 Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .	
4 A gripping drama .	
4 Sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .	
1 Storytelling feels slight .	
2 Spy-vs .	
1 Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?	
4 If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .	
1 Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .	
2 There 's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned , as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate , but generally , it 's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance .	
4 A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .	
3 A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .	
1 It 's such a mechanical endeavor -LRB- that -RRB- it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .	
1 One big blustery movie where nothing really happens .	
1 But it does n't leave you with much .	
4 The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .	
4 Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .	
3 There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .	
4 The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .	
3 Spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .	
3 The movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .	
1 Oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material	
4 It trusts the story it sets out to tell .	
3 Here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .	
4 Works because Reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .	
4 Even if you 've seen `` Stomp '' -LRB- the stage show -RRB- , you still have to see this !	
1 Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .	
3 Rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .	
4 The universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran . '	
2 The limited sets and small confined and dark spaces also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .	
0 It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''	
2 It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but you can say that about most of the flicks moving in and out of the multiplex .	
0 An almost unbearably morbid love story .	
4 `` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .	
4 This enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .	
3 The filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .	
4 Amazing !	
0 Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .	
3 The script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .	
1 ... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...	
1 Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and go back to the source .	
3 Fulford-Wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .	
1 So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .	
2 Matches neorealism 's impact by showing the humanity of a war-torn land filled with people who just want to live their lives .	
2 Benigni 's Pinocchio is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .	
1 Bland but harmless .	
3 Wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .	
3 But once the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .	
0 ... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .	
2 Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .	
0 Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .	
3 Shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes .	
2 Cynics need not apply . '	
1 The film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .	
3 Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .	
3 Maryam is more timely now than ever .	
2 A preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in Brooklyn circa 1958 .	
3 Old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .	
3 The ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .	
1 Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .	
4 It 's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film .	
0 ... what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be	
1 Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .	
4 The film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .	
1 Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .	
0 They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .	
1 Too often , Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''	
1 ... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .	
2 Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film .	
3 The film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .	
3 Nice piece of work .	
1 Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .	
2 Highly irritating at first , Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .	
0 Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .	
1 However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .	
1 Impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .	
4 Foster and Whitaker are especially fine .	
1 The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .	
3 If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .	
4 It 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .	
2 With three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations , it 's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .	
2 Most of the film feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs .	
3 I 'm guessing the director is a magician .	
1 Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime .	
1 A good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .	
3 The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .	
1 One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .	
3 A thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .	
3 This one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .	
2 Perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter .	
1 These characters become wearisome .	
3 Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .	
4 Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .	
1 tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''	
1 In this case zero .	
1 Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .	
0 The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .	
3 Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .	
2 A film that clearly means to preach exclusively to the converted .	
3 The beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .	
1 At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .	
1 as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .	
1 A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .	
4 Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .	
3 It 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .	
1 None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .	
0 The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .	
3 What makes Barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .	
2 A romance ?	
0 Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .	
1 Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie .	
3 Visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .	
1 The Piano Teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .	
0 What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .	
4 But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .	
2 Ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies .	
1 The colorful Masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .	
1 Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke	
1 The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .	
1 Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .	
3 It 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .	
3 Unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .	
0 -LRB- N -RRB- o matter how much good will the actors generate , Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .	
2 Watching E.T now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .	
3 The dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .	
4 Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .	
4 It 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .	
3 A family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .	
1 The movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .	
3 Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage , it throws you for a loop .	
3 As immaculate as Stuart Little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .	
3 The Wild Thornberrys Movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .	
4 Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .	
2 A solid piece of journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy .	
1 In other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .	
0 Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .	
1 Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .	
3 is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .	
1 The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .	
3 Australian actor\/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .	
1 Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .	
2 ... a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .	
1 Scooby-Doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .	
2 Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance .	
0 The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .	
4 Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .	
0 What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .	
4 A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro .	
4 Brilliantly written and well-acted , Yellow Asphalt is an uncompromising film .	
4 Highly watchable stuff .	
1 These guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .	
1 Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?	
4 Piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .	
3 Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .	
0 Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...	
3 An elegant and sly deadpan comedy .	
1 The scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .	
3 Many insightful moments .	
0 Every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .	
3 The movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .	
4 Jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .	
0 Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .	
3 Delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .	
0 A bad movie that happened to good actors .	
2 But be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .	
2 The Balkans provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman .	
2 Director David Jacobson gives Dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims .	
4 Part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .	
2 This version moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .	
3 Director Claude Chabrol has become the master of innuendo .	
1 Enigma lacks it .	
1 Too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .	
0 This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .	
3 Never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .	
1 I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .	
3 The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .	
2 Either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks .	
3 A tour de force of modern cinema .	
1 Taken outside the context of the current political climate -LRB- see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! -RRB-	
3 A fun ride .	
3 If you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , Eisenstein delivers .	
4 The wonder of Mostly Martha is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing .	
4 Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .	
2 What puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie .	
3 Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .	
3 While Bollywood\/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those -LRB- like me -RRB- who are n't .	
1 Action - mechanical .	
3 The off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .	
0 A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .	
1 No matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .	
3 Canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people .	
1 This action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .	
4 A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .	
1 Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .	
0 too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .	
1 Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .	
3 What 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .	
4 If you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .	
1 I 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .	
0 It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .	
4 Still rapturous after all these years , Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .	
0 It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .	
4 The film offers an intriguing what-if premise .	
1 Predictably melodramatic .	
3 He drags it back , single-handed .	
3 If you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , ENOUGH is just the ticket you need .	
1 The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''	
0 The title , alone , should scare any sane person away .	
1 But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .	
3 A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .	
0 No , I hate it .	
4 That Storytelling has value can not be denied .	
3 The film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .	
0 It 's Splash without the jokes .	
0 The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .	
1 The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .	
2 Charming , if overly complicated ...	
1 All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .	
1 Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , Impostor is opening today at a theater near you .	
2 A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits , age-wise .	
0 ... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .	
3 The movie 's seams may show ... but Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .	
3 Both damning and damned compelling .	
2 Although tender and touching , the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .	
1 Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .	
1 When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .	
3 Never Again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .	
0 Sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .	
2 To show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape -- is overkill to the highest degree .	
3 It takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface -LRB- and exotic dancing -RRB- it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .	
3 A rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .	
1 Yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .	
1 The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .	
4 A small movie with a big impact .	
3 A heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .	
1 This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .	
0 ... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .	
1 lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .	
4 It 's a masterpiece .	
3 Foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .	
3 Like Kissing Jessica Stein , Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .	
2 But something seems to be missing .	
1 A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .	
3 The charm of Revolution OS is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .	
2 The film sometimes flags ... but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace .	
4 Ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .	
2 As it stands , there 's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .	
3 `` Sweet Home Alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...	
3 An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .	
1 With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .	
3 O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .	
3 If you 're in the right B-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .	
4 A fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with Kissinger .	
2 `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat .	
2 Sex With Strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness .	
2 A perfectly competent and often imaginative film that lacks what little Lilo & Stitch had in spades -- charisma .	
4 A gem of a movie .	
2 Not one moment in the enterprise did n't make me want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow .	
1 The drama discloses almost nothing .	
1 The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .	
1 First-timer John McKay is never able to pull it back on course .	
1 Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .	
2 You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you 'll laugh .	
3 Cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement .	
3 The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .	
2 But I do .	
1 A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .	
0 The film is all over the place , really .	
1 Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .	
4 An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .	
1 Worthy of the gong .	
2 Leigh 's daring here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .	
3 Left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .	
1 Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?	
2 Gloriously straight from the vagina .	
3 Mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...	
0 Boring and meandering .	
1 This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .	
1 You may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .	
0 It 's that painful .	
3 More good than great but Freeman and Judd make it work .	
3 Although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .	
1 Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner .	
0 You may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .	
0 This is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .	
3 The strength of the film lies in its two central performances by Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .	
3 An earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .	
4 ... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .	
1 The film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .	
2 It 's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our Hollywood has all but lost .	
4 Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .	
1 ... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .	
3 Funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .	
4 Try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .	
1 The director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .	
4 She 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .	
1 All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .	
3 Eight Legged Freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .	
4 It 's no lie -- Big Fat Liar is a real charmer .	
3 Human Nature is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was , but it tries too hard .	
3 The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .	
1 A big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .	
0 There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .	
3 Combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?	
1 It 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .	
2 Both the crime story and the love story are unusual .	
2 just pile up .	
2 Pull -LRB- s -RRB- off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel .	
4 A movie of riveting power and sadness .	
1 Alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but Ayurveda does the field no favors .	
3 K-19 : The Widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .	
2 ... generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish .	
3 Australia : Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place .	
2 In capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills , the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .	
4 A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .	
3 Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and recreating it an in an African idiom .	
1 Call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .	
3 An ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .	
4 Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .	
1 Not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?	
3 eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .	
1 Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .	
1 Told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .	
3 The casting of von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke .	
1 Stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .	
2 Overall , interesting as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy .	
3 Passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .	
1 A complete waste of time .	
4 A smart , compelling drama .	
4 A poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .	
0 It 's Pauly Shore awful .	
3 On the surface a silly comedy , Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .	
3 The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .	
0 It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .	
4 Cusack 's just brilliant in this .	
3 Writer\/director Alexander Payne -LRB- Election -RRB- and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .	
1 Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .	
4 Not only does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .	
2 If Signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .	
1 Though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .	
2 Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression .	
3 We 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .	
1 No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater .	
0 but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '	
4 If you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .	
4 A compassionate , moving portrait of an American -LRB- and an America -RRB- always reaching for something just outside his grasp .	
2 Stuart 's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating .	
3 Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .	
0 When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .	
0 The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .	
1 But then again , I hate myself most mornings .	
3 Shanghai Ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .	
1 Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?	
4 A moving story of determination and the human spirit .	
2 The boys ' sparring , like the succession of blows dumped on Guei , wears down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements .	
3 The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .	
4 likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .	
4 One of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .	
1 I felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .	
1 Both deserve better .	
0 An ugly , pointless , stupid movie .	
2 What 's left is a rich stew of longing .	
3 Fred Schepisi 's tale of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .	
4 One of the funnier movies in town .	
4 A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .	
1 A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .	
0 A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .	
4 The performances are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief .	
0 A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .	
1 The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .	
2 Abderrahmane Sissako 's Heremakono -LRB- Waiting for Happiness -RRB- is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences .	
3 It has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression .	
4 As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .	
4 The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .	
1 The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .	
3 It is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .	
1 Just a Kiss is a just a waste .	
0 Dramatically lackluster .	
4 A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .	
3 Tambor and Clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .	
0 The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .	
1 Includes too much obvious padding .	
2 If the movie were all comedy , it might work better .	
0 New ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .	
1 One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .	
3 Sparse but oddly compelling .	
3 The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting .	
4 It 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .	
1 They just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .	
2 By the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes , it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .	
1 Full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .	
3 The film exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .	
1 A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .	
4 This is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .	
4 An hour and a half of joyful solo performance .	
2 Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , -LRB- yet -RRB- are worthwhile .	
3 Fans of the modern day Hong Kong action film finally have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for .	
1 This movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .	
3 Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .	
1 Well-meant but unoriginal .	
1 Bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .	
0 Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix .	
2 If you want to see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from , then look no further , because here it is .	
3 The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .	
2 There has to be a few advantages to never growing old .	
0 Lazy , miserable and smug .	
3 Good performances keep it from being a total rehash .	
3 It is a likable story , told with competence .	
3 Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .	
1 ... another example of how Sandler is losing his touch .	
4 Not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .	
3 But it is entertaining on an inferior level .	
3 The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .	
3 By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .	
1 But the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .	
0 This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .	
4 A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .	
4 Works as pretty contagious fun .	
3 Predictable and cloying , though Brown Sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .	
2 A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic .	
3 Like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .	
4 ... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...	
2 Williams plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia .	
0 What we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .	
1 Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite .	
3 The Way Home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .	
2 Its strengths and weaknesses play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .	
1 No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive .	
2 Charlize CHASES Kevin with a GUN .	
1 The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''	
2 This is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .	
1 To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .	
3 Offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .	
2 As a movie , it never seems fresh and vital .	
1 The film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .	
1 Cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .	
3 In his latest effort , Storytelling , Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .	
3 A film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .	
1 The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .	
2 Well-meaning but inert .	
3 Horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists .	
3 Shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material	
4 A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry .	
3 It 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .	
0 Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .	
1 One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .	
1 This is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .	
1 It 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .	
4 An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .	
3 One of the best films I have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .	
1 Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .	
3 The hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .	
1 is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .	
2 Ana 's journey is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique ...	
3 An enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .	
2 A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense , but it does mostly hold one 's interest .	
2 Might be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people .	
1 It 's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .	
0 True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .	
0 ` Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '	
4 and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .	
2 Director Chris Eyre is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking .	
1 It lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made -LRB- Eyre 's -RRB- first film something of a sleeper success .	
4 An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .	
1 Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .	
3 Drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .	
0 A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .	
4 Scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario .	
3 Although shot with little style , Skins is heartfelt and achingly real .	
4 Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .	
1 The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged .	
3 Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .	
3 As tricky and satisfying as any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .	
1 One lousy movie .	
3 Not as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort .	
0 The Master of Disguise is awful .	
1 Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .	
3 Deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .	
3 As banal as the telling may be -- and at times , All My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .	
3 A certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .	
1 Cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .	
3 An entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .	
2 Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks .	
3 A thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .	
2 A thriller made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion .	
1 Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt	
1 ... hokey art house pretension .	
1 Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .	
0 The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .	
1 It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .	
1 Mediocre fable from Burkina Faso .	
2 The film has a childlike quality about it .	
1 At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it	
4 Nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .	
1 Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .	
4 There is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .	
4 Diane Lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .	
0 The movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .	
3 Even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .	
1 -LRB- T -RRB- he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .	
3 The film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .	
2 the phone rings and a voice tells you you 've got seven days left to live .	
1 Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .	
4 Grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .	
2 I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute .	
1 The film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .	
3 You may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .	
1 Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken	
2 Red Dragon is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence .	
3 Allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .	
1 Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .	
3 , `` They 're out there ! ''	
4 It 's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !	
3 Muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .	
1 This is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .	
3 Intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .	
4 Kinnear and Dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .	
0 At times , it actually hurts to watch .	
4 A no-holds-barred cinematic treat .	
4 The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .	
4 Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable .	
0 What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .	
3 All in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .	
3 Ya-Yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .	
3 If you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''	
4 He has a great cast and a great idea .	
2 Hilarious musical comedy though stymied by accents thick as mud .	
3 The film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?	
4 The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan could want .	
1 We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .	
4 One of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .	
2 I 'm not saying that Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures , but there 's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life .	
1 They crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .	
3 Craig Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .	
3 The most consistently funny of the Austin Powers films .	
1 Sad nonsense , this .	
3 At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had , Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .	
0 Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin .	
3 Although commentary on Nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .	
2 A sterling film - a cross between Boys Do n't Cry , Deliverance , and Ode to Billy Joe - lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made .	
3 For the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .	
1 It 's quite diverting nonsense .	
3 It also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .	
3 As the dominant Christine , Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .	
2 A really funny fifteen-minute short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .	
2 but ` Why ? '	
0 Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .	
2 What ` Dumb and Dumber ' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script .	
1 It 's one long bore .	
1 In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .	
3 Jonathan Parker 's Bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .	
3 It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists .	
2 It 's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .	
2 Entertainment more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons ever were .	
1 Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .	
1 When not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .	
4 Diggs and Lathan are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .	
2 Even more baffling is that it 's funny .	
2 Some movies blend together as they become distant memories .	
3 Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .	
1 Without -LRB- De Niro -RRB- , City By The Sea would slip under the waves .	
2 The only upside to all of this unpleasantness is , given its Labor Day weekend upload , FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits .	
3 Highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .	
3 an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind	
2 The movie tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .	
3 Some Body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .	
1 Gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .	
3 The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .	
0 There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .	
0 So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .	
1 A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .	
1 Equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451 .	
0 After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .	
1 The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul .	
3 A rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .	
1 Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .	
0 This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .	
4 I 'd watch these two together again in a New York minute .	
2 Impeccably filmed , sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .	
3 Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya .	
3 The film oozes craft .	
3 It 's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .	
1 It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .	
1 ... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .	
1 Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .	
2 He 's worked too hard on this movie .	
4 One of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .	
4 Most haunting about `` Fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .	
1 After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .	
3 It 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .	
4 An impressive hybrid .	
3 If you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .	
1 Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .	
2 If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire , it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .	
1 Why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?	
3 This in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .	
0 Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .	
0 The movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .	
2 Absolutely -LRB- and unintentionally -RRB- terrifying .	
2 A very familiar tale , one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian - and other hyphenate American young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages .	
2 Even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough .	
2 His best film remains his shortest , The Hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive .	
0 Nearly every attempt at humor here is DOA .	
2 The movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and then it caved in .	
3 George Clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .	
2 aside from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd , there 's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '	
0 A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .	
4 It 's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .	
3 Caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .	
3 This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .	
0 Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .	
2 ... gripping and handsome execution , -LRB- but -RRB- there is n't much about K-19 that 's unique or memorable .	
1 Believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .	
1  	
3 Visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .	
3 And for many of us , that 's good enough .	
3 A B-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .	
2 Tsai may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .	
3 It 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .	
2 It may not be `` Last Tango in Paris '' but ...	
4 Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games .	
4 A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .	
3 You would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .	
0 The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .	
2 We have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .	
4 The IMAX screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .	
3 Everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .	
2 A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness without ever quite falling over .	
3 The art demands live viewing .	
3 It 's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated .	
4 There is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .	
1 -LRB- The kid 's -RRB- just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .	
4 Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year - she should get all five .	
2 A coming-of-age film	
4 More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .	
1 A movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .	
4 Pacino and Williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .	
0 A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .	
1 Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .	
0 It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .	
2 Do n't hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic .	
1 Cherry Orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '	
1 An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .	
2 All very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble than it 's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion .	
1 The film can depress you about life itself .	
2 -LRB- Raimi 's -RRB- matured quite a bit with Spider-Man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films you 'll ever see .	
1 Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .	
3 Intimate and panoramic .	
1 The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .	
1 Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .	
4 An enthralling , entertaining feature .	
1 The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .	
3 Like a veteran head cutter , Barbershop is tuned in to its community .	
3 Star\/producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .	
3 waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway .	
3 Although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .	
1 A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .	
1 Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .	
0 A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .	
3 A bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .	
3 White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .	
1 Chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .	
2 Yet another weepy Southern bore-athon .	
0 The problem with ANTWONE FISHER is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher .	
3 Drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .	
1 Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .	
1 It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .	
4 Dramas like this make it human .	
3 ... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .	
1 They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .	
3 Uplifting , funny and wise .	
1 It labours as storytelling .	
4 Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .	
2 Wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy , but it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited .	
2 Instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .	
1 An ugly , revolting movie .	
0 The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !	
3 It 's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be .	
1 There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .	
2 What Bloody Sunday lacks in clarity , it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .	
4 It 's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke .	
3 a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .	
3 The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .	
4 If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .	
3 Genuinely unnerving .	
4 Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .	
3 Though a touch too Arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , Heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .	
1 Who cares ? -RRB- .	
4 An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .	
2 Consider this review life-affirming .	
3 K 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick	
2 Exposing the ways we fool ourselves is One Hour Photo 's real strength .	
1 There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it .	
0 Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .	
3 A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .	
4 I had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies .	
4 Kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .	
4 Deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .	
3 Eyre is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee .	
2 This slow-moving Swedish film offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party .	
2 Until -LRB- the -RRB- superfluous ... epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller .	
2 A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book .	
0 The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .	
3 A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .	
1 Disturbing .	
3 Compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .	
1 Unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .	
0 If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .	
3 Though filmed partly in Canada , Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .	
3 A sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .	
0 Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .	
1 Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .	
3 Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .	
0 A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .	
3 A fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .	
3 Its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .	
4 A moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .	
0 Staggeringly dreadful romance .	
1 ... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .	
2 There are moments of real pleasure to be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film .	
4 The story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .	
3 A quietly moving look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979 .	
2 A minor work yet there 's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .	
1 A beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '	
2 The film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .	
3 In The Pianist , Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .	
2 `` Sum '' is Jack Ryan 's `` do-over . ''	
3 If not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .	
0 You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .	
2 -LRB- A -RRB- rare movie that makes us re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity .	
4 Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .	
1 At some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .	
1 Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .	
1 There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .	
4 One of the best rock documentaries ever .	
3 A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .	
1 Cattaneo reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .	
4 Hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .	
4 Fun and nimble .	
3 A wonderful , ghastly film .	
4 Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .	
1 A really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .	
0 Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .	
4 ... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .	
4 The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .	
3 The heat of the moment prevails .	
3 There are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit .	
4 One of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .	
0 Slap me , I saw this movie .	
0 The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that -LRB- Nelson 's -RRB- achievement does n't match his ambition .	
4 Audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .	
1 Writer-director Ritchie reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .	
2 The movie has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers .	
4 The all-French cast is marveilleux .	
3 Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .	
3 Viva le Resistance !	
2 Buy popcorn .	
3 Indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .	
2 It 's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .	
0 There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .	
1 Somewhere inside the mess that is World Traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .	
4 Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .	
3 Much of this slick and sprightly CGI feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .	
2 Martyr gets royally screwed and comes back for more .	
1 What happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?	
3 Nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .	
1 Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .	
2 You can thank me for this .	
3 ... it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .	
1 The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .	
3 What lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .	
1 The whole thing plays like a tired Tyco ad .	
1 Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .	
3 A big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as The Hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .	
4 Bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .	
2 Little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games .	
3 It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy , but it has its moments .	
1 Phoned-in business as usual .	
2 Though not for everyone , The Guys is a somber trip worth taking .	
3 There are plenty of scenes in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .	
1 ` Christian Bale 's Quinn -LRB- is -RRB- a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '	
1 The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .	
2 The actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect .	
3 Makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .	
2 Stirs potentially enticing ingredients into an uneasy blend of Ghost and Close Encounters of the Third Kind .	
4 I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for its originality alone .	
0 To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .	
1 Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York .	
2 In many ways , reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .	
2 I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .	
2 It 's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .	
1 Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .	
2 To some eyes	
0 A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .	
3 While the story 's undeniably hard to follow , Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .	
2 An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject matter .	
3 A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted Korean American stand-up 's I 'm the One That I Want .	
4 With the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors , Eight Legged Freaks is prime escapist fare .	
2 Nor is it a romantic comedy .	
2 LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : He 's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film .	
1 All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .	
4 More intimate than spectacular , E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .	
3 If villainous vampires are your cup of blood , Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .	
3 Meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .	
4 A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .	
2 Though excessively tiresome , The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be , has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .	
3 Anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket should catch this IMAX offering .	
1 In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .	
2 As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .	
0 It 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .	
2 Denis forges out of the theories of class - based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord .	
4 It 's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .	
2 For a movie audience , The Hours does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .	
2 A cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall .	
3 What 's so striking about Jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .	
1 Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .	
3 Spare but quietly effective retelling .	
4 My Wife is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .	
4 300 years of Russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .	
3 It 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .	
3 The hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .	
0 -LRB- Carvey 's -RRB- characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .	
0 ... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .	
0 -LRB- Less a movie than -RRB- an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .	
1 An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .	
3 There 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .	
4 Offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .	
0 As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .	
1 The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .	
3 This is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .	
0 The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .	
3 Stands as a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11 .	
1 The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .	
1 Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .	
3 A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .	
1 Opera on film is never satisfactory .	
2 The biggest problem with this movie is that it 's not nearly long enough .	
4 Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .	
0 It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .	
3 When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust , will you .	
3 I liked a lot of the smaller scenes .	
2 You can see where Big Bad Love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there .	
0 The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld -LRB- who is also one of the film 's producers -RRB- do everything he can to look like a good guy .	
1 This is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .	
0 A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '	
1 Everything that was right about Blade is wrong in its sequel .	
1 ... a rather bland affair .	
2 Especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .	
0 A profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .	
1 Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .	
2 The film 's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments .	
2 So riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .	
0 Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .	
2 A road trip that will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet ? '	
1 No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces Wild .	
3 Schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .	
1 Barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .	
1 A boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad .	
3 This is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .	
3 Oddly compelling .	
1 In the end , The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '	
2 With Freeman and Judd , I 'll at least remember their characters .	
3 The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .	
1 I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .	
0 The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes -LRB- of which they 'll get plenty -RRB- fills me with revulsion .	
3 She 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness .	
2 and `` They 're coming ! ''	
4 Pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .	
4 The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .	
3 Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .	
2 Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with -- like the big-bug movie .	
4 Ms. Hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .	
0 Get out your pooper-scoopers .	
1 Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .	
3 ... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .	
2 A family-friendly fantasy that ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .	
2 The power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up .	
1 Full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .	
1 The movie , like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .	
3 A clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .	
1 It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .	
2 What we get ... is Caddyshack crossed with the Loyal Order of Raccoons .	
4 The wanton slipperiness of \* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .	
2 One thing is for sure : This movie does not tell you a whole lot about Lily Chou-Chou .	
1 The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .	
2 What can one say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log ?	
1 A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .	
2 It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie , but A Song For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter .	
1 Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .	
1 Much like Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy has already reached its expiration date .	
2 The script feels as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime ' but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids .	
3 A haunting tale of murder and mayhem .	
1 It 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .	
3 `` Barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .	
2 Cacoyannis is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .	
2 -LRB- Taylor -RRB- takes us on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb .	
1 Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow !	
2 The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .	
1 To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .	
3 Caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .	
3 Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .	
3 Fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .	
2 You see Robin Williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm .	
2 Smothered by its own solemnity .	
2 Certainly beautiful to look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic .	
2 The film will appeal to Discovery Channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses .	
1 Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !	
1 -LRB- Siegel -RRB- and co-writers Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround Frankie .	
1 Starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .	
1 It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .	
4 Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .	
4 A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .	
4 One of the best , most understated performances of -LRB- Jack Nicholson 's -RRB- career .	
4 A captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .	
3 Lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .	
2 The climactic events are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does	
4 Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .	
4 In a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .	
3 Bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .	
3 Often hilarious .	
1 Formulaic to the 51st power , more like .	
1 For a film about explosions and death and spies , `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .	
3 As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .	
4 That Jack Nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .	
2 A film that will probably please people already fascinated by Behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .	
2 Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ?	
1 Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .	
3 However , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .	
1 It 's not an easy one to review .	
2 Simply does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .	
1 Like the Hanks character , he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .	
2 -LRB- It -RRB- highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent , but Spacey 's .	
0 A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .	
2 Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself .	
2 A brilliant gag at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it .	
0 It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .	
0 Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .	
1 Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party .	
1 As earnest as a community-college advertisement , American Chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .	
0 Degenerates into hogwash .	
0 An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .	
4 Raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen .	
0 But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .	
1 Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .	
3 It may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .	
2 That death is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions .	
1 A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .	
3 Fortunately , Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .	
1 It 's not a great monster movie .	
3 It shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .	
4 Adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .	
1 The script ?	
4 Morton deserves an Oscar nomination .	
4 Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .	
4 Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .	
3 It reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .	
1 Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .	
0 Run for your lives !	
4 The solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .	
1 Director Yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .	
1 The superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead -LRB- water -RRB- weight of the other .	
0 Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .	
0 Most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .	
2 Diverting French comedy in which a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy .	
3 In its own floundering way , it gets to you .	
1 A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .	
1 Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .	
0 The most repugnant adaptation	
0 Equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .	
3 This story still seems timely and important .	
1 A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .	
2 The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ... but the film suffers from its own difficulties .	
3 Ludicrous , but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .	
3 some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and	
3 It 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .	
1 It should have stayed there .	
3 If Ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .	
1 By-the-numbers yarn .	
4 A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .	
3 Affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .	
2 It 's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing .	
3 There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist .	
2 Were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good , Freundlich 's World Traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .	
3 She allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .	
0 I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .	
4 One-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .	
3 ... Wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams .	
2 The combination of lightness and strictness in this instance gives Italian for Beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic .	
4 A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .	
3 In Death to Smoochy , we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .	
0 No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .	
1 The bottom line , at least in my opinion , is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .	
3 A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of Being John Malkovich .	
4 Morvern rocks .	
3 Both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .	
2 Narc can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself .	
3 You will likely prefer to keep on watching .	
1 The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .	
1 Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .	
4 Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .	
0 This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .	
3 Takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .	
2 It 's sobering , particularly if anyone still thinks this conflict can be resolved easily , or soon .	
0 A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .	
3 A high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of Berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .	
1 It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .	
2 Jam-packed with literally bruising jokes .	
3 It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .	
1 The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .	
2 The niftiest trick perpetrated by The Importance of Being Earnest is the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that .	
2 However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny .	
3 A tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .	
1 Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .	
4 Scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .	
2 With its hint of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact , Harmon 's daunting narrative promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone	
0 There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .	
2 The movie 's gloomy atmosphere is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance .	
2 ` The film is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '	
4 The overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .	
2 Reyes ' word processor .	
0 Below is well below expectations .	
4 It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .	
2 The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but Huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience .	
0 A horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .	
1 The sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .	
2 In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This , but it is a respectable sequel .	
0 No amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .	
1 It 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .	
0 Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .	
2 The directive to protect the code at all costs also begins to blur as the importance of the man and the code merge	
2 When the heroes were actually under 40 ?	
2 `` On Guard ! ''	
4 The cast is top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael .	
4 That Haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .	
3 As they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .	
3 It 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .	
1 The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .	
4 Romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .	
3 And educational !	
3 The sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .	
3 A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .	
0 Swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .	
1 The type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the -LRB- teen comedy -RRB- genre a bad name .	
3 It 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .	
4 Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .	
0 You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .	
3 A quasi-documentary by French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music .	
3 Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script .	
3 There 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .	
2 `` Not really as bad as you might think ! ''	
0 You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .	
4 To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .	
3 Although mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .	
1 Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .	
3 Whatever complaints I might have , I 'd take -LRB- its -RRB- earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .	
2 And that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser .	
4 ... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...	
3 Austin Powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .	
2 That is because - damn it !	
3 If you like peace , you 'll like Promises .	
1 A Movie to Forget	
1 This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head	
1 A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .	
3 The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .	
1 Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .	
3 Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .	
2 Wait for it to hit cable .	
1 You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '	
1 We do n't even like their characters .	
0 ` The War of the Roses , ' trailer-trash style .	
2 Here Polanski looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .	
2 Since Lee is a sentimentalist , the film is more worshipful than your random E !	
3 And that makes all the difference .	
3 The campy results make Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated .	
3 Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .	
1 Less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .	
2 A thought-provoking look at how Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures .	
1 I also believe that Resident Evil is not it .	
1 The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .	
2 Go .	
3 Keenly observed and refreshingly natural , Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .	
1 He fails .	
3 An entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .	
0 A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .	
0 Hate it because it 's lousy .	
1 It 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .	
3 Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .	
1 Absolutely not .	
2 I found myself liking the film , though in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage .	
4 Fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and -LRB- director Phillip -RRB- Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .	
0 A movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls .	
2 The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject .	
1 It 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .	
4 Gay or straight , Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .	
3 There 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...	
0 Not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it would be all that interesting .	
3 Not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .	
2 The pace and the visuals are so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything .	
1 After all , it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .	
2 Britney 's performance can not be faulted .	
3 If -LRB- Jaglom 's -RRB- latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .	
0 I found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .	
2 Now I can see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies '' .	
1 There 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .	
3 A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .	
1 Feral and uncomfortable .	
3 All leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon .	
0 The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .	
3 This breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .	
1 The movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .	
4 A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .	
3 would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman . '	
3 Crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .	
4 A serious movie with serious ideas .	
2 Maybe Thomas Wolfe was right : You ca n't go home again .	
3 The Hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .	
3 After one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen .	
0 There is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .	
3 This fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .	
1 -LRB- Seagal 's -RRB- strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's Razzie .	
1 The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .	
1 The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .	
2 I ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .	
4 This is a very funny , heartwarming film .	
3 Though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .	
4 Ferrara 's best film in years .	
0 It makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .	
2 Routine and rather silly .	
3 -LRB- Gosling 's -RRB- combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .	
0 I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .	
4 Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .	
1 into How Long Is This Movie ?	
2 The movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave .	
1 No amount of good acting is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .	
2 like a poor man 's You Can Count On Me	
0 There 's nothing to gain from watching They .	
1 About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .	
3 If you can read the subtitles -LRB- the opera is sung in Italian -RRB- and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .	
3 Represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema .	
1 Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .	
4 The modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases	
1 A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...	
3 It 's not too fast and not too slow .	
2 The dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film .	
1 Ararat feels like a book report	
2 As crimes go , writer-director Michael Kalesniko 's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .	
3 Sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .	
2 Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it .	
4 As giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .	
0 It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .	
2 It 's 51 times better than this .	
2 The movie should be credited with remembering his victims .	
2 To the degree that ivans xtc .	
3 A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .	
2 At the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , `` I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . ''	
3 What bubbles up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .	
1 You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .	
4 Admirers of director Abel Ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .	
2 Slow , dry , poorly cast , but beautifully shot .	
4 It 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .	
4 Witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .	
1 In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .	
3 When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .	
0 I still want my money back .	
3 What enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .	
2 It 's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear .	
2 Your response to its new sequel , Analyze That , may hinge on what you thought of the first film .	
4 Filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , Baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .	
3 An undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .	
4 Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .	
1 If the title is a Jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? ''	
2 An overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful French coming-of-age film ...	
3 I like that Smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .	
2 The problems of the people in Love in the Time of Money are hardly specific to their era .	
4 The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich .	
3 An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .	
0 There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .	
2 All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette but van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as Pauline .	
0 ... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .	
1 Woefully pretentious .	
0 High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .	
2 It 's better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but not as sharp as Jet Li on rollerblades .	
2 An elegant film	
1 The movie is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .	
4 Arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year	
3 This is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .	
2 The entire movie is filled with deja vu moments .	
1 An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .	
3 A full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .	
2 The Fast Runner ' transports the viewer into an unusual space	
1 The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .	
2 Robin Williams departs from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role .	
4 Miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .	
3 A film of delicate interpersonal dances .	
1 Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable	
2 Affleck merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .	
1 This is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .	
3 It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee .	
3 Despite a quieter middle section , involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship .	
2 It tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .	
3 What `` Empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .	
0 Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .	
0 The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .	
1 In the era of The Sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .	
0 Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .	
2 Thanks to Ice Cube , Benjamins feels an awful lot like Friday in Miami .	
1 Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .	
2 ... a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .	
3 Delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .	
3 For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York , I was entranced .	
3 Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .	
3 I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .	
3 There 's a lot to recommend Read My Lips .	
1 Unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .	
0 The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '	
4 Its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .	
4 Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .	
4 Just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .	
3 a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack	
0 It sucked .	
3 Performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .	
3 Does point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .	
2 There 's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American .	
3 Though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .	
1 preachy and	
0 Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .	
2 `` It 's all about the image . ''	
4 Intriguing and downright intoxicating .	
3 A lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .	
3 An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .	
3 Crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .	
1 But it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .	
2 A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch .	
4 Twenty years after its first release , E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .	
4 Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .	
4 If `` Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .	
1 Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .	
0 ... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer -LRB- and -RRB- the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .	
2 But if you 've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there 's guilty fun to be had here .	
3 It is quite a vision .	
2 This is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them .	
3 The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .	
2 Believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half .	
0 The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .	
2 ` You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied .	
3 Nicole Kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .	
2 While we want MacDowell 's character to retrieve her husband , we have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .	
1 The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .	
2 Watching Spirited Away is like watching an Eastern imagination explode .	
4 -LRB- Reynolds -RRB- takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .	
2 Despite these annoyances , the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .	
1 Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .	
3 Beating the Austin Powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .	
1 An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .	
3 While the path may be familiar , first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .	
1 Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .	
1 Stealing Harvard ca n't even do that much .	
2 I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ... but I laughed so much that I did n't mind .	
1 While not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .	
1 Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .	
4 A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .	
0 That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .	
3 It 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .	
2 In this film we at least see a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor , and the limited range of a comedian .	
1 But the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .	
2 Feeling like a dope has rarely been more fun than it is in Nine Queens .	
1 Nothing here seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .	
1 Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .	
1 He seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .	
3 Cold , nervy and memorable .	
2 There 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it .	
3 Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .	
4 The entire cast is first-rate , especially Sorvino .	
2 ... would be a total loss if not for two supporting performances taking place at the movie 's edges .	
0 This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .	
2 Teens only .	
4 Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .	
3 For those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .	
4 But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .	
2 It 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .	
2 this film is not a love letter for the slain rappers , it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .	
1 A dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .	
4 Astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .	
3 What a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .	
1 Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .	
2 The setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game .	
1 Little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .	
3 4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .	
2 The movie , while beautiful , feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .	
3 K-19 : The Widowmaker is a great yarn .	
0 Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .	
3 An ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .	
1 Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .	
1 The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line .	
2 You really have to salute writer-director Haneke -LRB- he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .	
4 ... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet .	
2 You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer .	
4 That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .	
3 Paid in Full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .	
3 The closest thing to the experience of space travel	
2 This is SO De Palma .	
3 Birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .	
2 It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between .	
2 Formula 51 has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market .	
3 And yet , it still works .	
0 It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !	
1 The problem with The Bread , My Sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .	
0 Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .	
0 Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .	
4 Impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter ' was .	
1 Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .	
3 Deepa Mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world .	
1 Enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .	
4 When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .	
1 The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .	
3 A gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem .	
2 Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems , but the field of roughage dominates .	
0 Two hours of junk .	
0 Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?	
0 Constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .	
2 An original little film about one young woman 's education .	
2 Summer 's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .	
0 It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .	
1 An incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .	
2 No matter how you slice it , Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton are not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .	
1 The modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .	
4 With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .	
4 ... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .	
4 Bill Morrison 's Decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .	
0 Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .	
1 The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .	
3 The rich performances by Friel -- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English -- round out the square edges .	
2 The kind of trifle that date nights were invented for . .	
2 The Rock has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects .	
2 It does give you a peek .	
0 Amazingly lame .	
0 So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .	
2 The simplicity of The Way Home has few equals this side of Aesop	
0 Everything was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .	
4 it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .	
3 Daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .	
3 Strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .	
4 A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite Son of the Bride .	
1 El Crimen Del Padre Amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors .	
3 A slight but sweet film .	
3 It 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .	
4 Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in About a Boy .	
0 What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .	
3 He 's a better actor than a standup comedian .	
3 Constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .	
3 The leanest and meanest of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies .	
1 Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .	
3 Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .	
0 But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary .	
3 It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '	
2 Kenneth Branagh 's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly British playwright grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles .	
4 Cho 's timing is priceless .	
3 A moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .	
2 Critics need a good laugh , too , and this too-extreme-for-TV rendition of the notorious MTV show delivers the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods in steaming , visceral heaps .	
3 If you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .	
3 As broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .	
0 Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .	
1 Kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .	
2 If Deuces Wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .	
0 Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar .	
1 Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .	
3 Nicks refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .	
4 Another Best of the Year selection .	
2 The plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '	
0 The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .	
2 The path Ice Age follows most closely , though , is the one established by Warner Bros. giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .	
3 While obviously aimed at kids , The Country Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .	
3 Watching Austin Powers in Goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .	
0 ... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .	
4 An Asian neo-realist treasure .	
2 `` Juwanna Mann ? ''	
1 What 's really sad is to see two Academy Award winning actresses -LRB- and one Academy Award winning actor -RRB- succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .	
4 This Chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .	
1 Seems like someone going through the motions .	
3 A sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .	
2 The question hanging over The Time Machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? '	
4 insightfully written , delicately performed	
2 Too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations temper what could 've been an impacting film .	
0 The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .	
3 Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr , Duvall -LRB- also a producer -RRB- peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .	
2 Not a bad choice here , assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .	
3 A properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .	
3 The fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .	
4 The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .	
1 Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .	
4 There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .	
3 Writer\/director Walter Hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .	
0 Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .	
2 I realized that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .	
1 A cartoon ?	
4 smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play .	
1 The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .	
4 An enjoyable experience .	
3 Symbolically , Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .	
3 We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again .	
2 The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet Return to Neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief .	
2 Visually sumptuous but intellectually stultifying .	
1 Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .	
1 There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .	
4 An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist -LRB- not to mention gently political -RRB- meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .	
3 Assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .	
2 `` 13 Conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .	
3 The beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .	
2 A guilty pleasure at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it .	
2 Count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater .	
2 Viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama , there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .	
1 The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .	
0 One of the worst movies of the year .	
4 Both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .	
2 What with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background , you may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song .	
0 Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .	
3 It throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this !	
0 An empty , purposeless exercise .	
1 Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .	
4 In XXX , Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .	
4 LaBute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .	
3 Crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .	
4 The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make Love a joy to behold .	
3 Significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .	
2 It ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to .	
0 It does n't work as either .	
0 A thriller without a lot of thrills .	
2 It 's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death	
1 Blue Crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .	
0 If this is cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .	
1 Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .	
2 As his circle of friends keeps getting smaller one of the characters in Long Time Dead says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed ' .	
4 Effective in all its aspects , Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .	
3 Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .	
2 Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting .	
2 Culkin turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter -- right down to the Gryffindor scarf .	
1 While the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation .	
3 An often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .	
3 Not as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .	
3 It 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .	
1 Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .	
3 A terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .	
1 Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .	
1 Instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .	
4 The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .	
2 The comedy makes social commentary more palatable .	
1 Kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .	
2 A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that , in terms of authenticity , is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .	
1 It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .	
3 Director Alfonso Cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films .	
1 Moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .	
1 Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...	
2 No big hairy deal .	
1 Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .	
1 Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .	
0 It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .	
3 I love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 .	
2 Spare yet audacious ...	
3 -LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .	
0 One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .	
4 A stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films	
2 Wow , a jump cut !	
1 Perhaps even the SLC high command found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .	
0 One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .	
4 The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .	
3 Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .	
1 The movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .	
0 Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .	
2 As it stands it 's an opera movie for the buffs .	
1 A movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm -LRB- wo n't be an -RRB- exceedingly memorable one for most people .	
3 A surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .	
0 The movie is a dud .	
2 ` Like a child with an important message to tell ... -LRB- Skins ' -RRB- faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty . '	
2 There are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .	
4 Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .	
1 The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .	
3 Drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .	
3 The film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .	
4 ... wise and elegiac ...	
3 Kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .	
1 Parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .	
1 is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .	
0 The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .	
4 Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .	
2 Triumph of Love is a very silly movie , but the silliness has a pedigree .	
4 The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .	
0 A gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .	
3 A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .	
4 An odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .	
2 Please see previous answer .	
0 Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .	
0 It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .	
1 Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .	
1 None of Birthday Girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...	
4 Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .	
3 Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .	
2 Or for the year , for that matter .	
4 Like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .	
3 And they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .	
1 It 's just not very smart .	
2 Possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .	
1 How many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?	
1 But it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .	
1 Cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .	
2 Anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring . '	
2 Tennessee Williams by way of Oprah 's Book Club .	
1 The story itself is actually quite vapid .	
0 You expect more from director Michael Apted -LRB- Enigma -RRB- and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan -LRB- Reversal of Fortune -RRB- than this cliche pileup .	
0 There is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .	
1 A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .	
0 A ragbag of cliches .	
1 Without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .	
1 A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .	
4 The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it .	
4 You 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .	
3 The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time .	
1 Nevertheless , it still seems endless .	
3 Its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .	
0 Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .	
4 Romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .	
0 An infuriating film .	
3 A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .	
1 It 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .	
4 This is a movie you can trust .	
3 I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess , it is undeniably that .	
2 Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad .	
3 Broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .	
1 But the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .	
2 Finally coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .	
3 moved	
1 The modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .	
0 A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .	
1 It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?	
1 The modern remake of Dumas 's story is long on narrative and -LRB- too -RRB- short on action .	
4 Extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .	
2 If you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again .	
2 The animation merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .	
0 Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .	
3 that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture	
0 Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .	
2 Every child 's story is what matters .	
1 The only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .	
4 Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years	
4 A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays .	
1 Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .	
3 Psychologically savvy .	
3 -LRB- Caine -RRB- proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .	
3 A pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .	
2 His scenes are short and often unexpected .	
1 As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .	
1 Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .	
2 The plot is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish .	
0 It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .	
1 An opportunity missed .	
1 I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .	
4 The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .	
4 Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .	
1 Do n't say you were n't warned .	
1 -LRB- T -RRB- he ideas of Revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution	
3 Do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .	
4 Darkly funny and frequently insightful .	
1 What a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .	
0 An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .	
1 Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .	
2 You end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .	
0 Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .	
4 Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .	
3 If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .	
2 It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but I liked it .	
1 May puzzle his most ardent fans .	
2 Now he makes them .	
2 Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie improved .	
4 A remarkable film by Bernard Rose .	
3 There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .	
3 This is a children 's film in the truest sense .	
1 Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .	
0 I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .	
3 Yes , soar .	
4 Irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .	
4 Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .	
2 In a word : No. .	
4 This is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .	
1 Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .	
1 Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .	
1 An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .	
2 Cockettes has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie .	
2 Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through .	
2 It never is , not fully .	
0 Thoroughly awful .	
2 The Emperor 's Club is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but ...	
3 Once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .	
1 But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .	
2 Hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film nevertheless works up a few scares .	
0 A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .	
2 Not to mention a sharper , cleaner camera lens .	
1 overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue	
4 The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .	
0 The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .	
2 The Porky 's Revenge : Ultimate Edition ?	
4 Brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .	
2 With its jerky hand-held camera and documentary feel , Bloody Sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry .	
3 Polished , well-structured film .	
4 Elegant and eloquent -LRB- meditation -RRB- on death and that most elusive of passions , love .	
3 A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .	
0 Banal and predictable .	
3 As ex-Marine Walter , who may or may not have shot Kennedy , actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .	
1 -LRB- Denis ' -RRB- bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .	
3 From both a great and a terrible story , Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .	
3 This is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .	
4 A passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .	
2 A respectable but uninspired thriller that 's intelligent and considered in its details , but ultimately weak in its impact .	
4 Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh .	
2 Essentially , the film is weak on detail and strong on personality	
4 Offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film .	
1 The Santa Clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .	
1 They just do n't work in concert .	
0 There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .	
4 Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .	
4 Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .	
4 A weird and wonderful comedy .	
3 A touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .	
0 Very stupid and annoying .	
3 There 's a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .	
2 In some ways , Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood .	
1 Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .	
1 So aggressively cheery that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag .	
1 Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like Clueless Does South Fork .	
1 So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .	
1 The problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .	
4 Muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .	
1 Until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .	
2 It makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time .	
4 Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .	
3 more precious than perspicacious	
3 This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .	
3 A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .	
0 Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't .	
4 Vividly demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .	
2 It 's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from .	
4 Rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .	
3 A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong .	
4 It makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .	
2 Overall , it 's a pretty mediocre family film .	
2 Wanker Goths are on the loose !	
0 Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .	
4 This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .	
2 Nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you .	
1 It is n't scary .	
3 Leigh makes these lives count .	
4 A chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .	
1 What little grace -LRB- Rifkin 's -RRB- tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .	
0 Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .	
4 You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .	
3 Niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press	
3 Ultimately , `` MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .	
2 What you end up getting is the Vertical Limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .	
0 The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .	
3 made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .	
0 Poor Ben Bratt could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .	
1 Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor demented-funny as Starship Troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .	
4 A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .	
1 Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .	
1 High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .	
2 Generic slasher-movie nonsense , but it 's not without style .	
4 I hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .	
4 It 's a very valuable film ...	
3 -LRB- Cho 's face is -RRB- an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .	
1 Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe .	
3 Birthday Girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .	
3 Efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .	
1 Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking .	
1 It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .	
2 -LRB- Kirshner wins , but it 's close . -RRB-	
2 The screenplay comes across , rather unintentionally , as Hip-Hop Scooby-Doo .	
2 After the setup , the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .	
0 In the end , there is n't much to it .	
2 A Frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick , Bartleby performs neither one very well .	
2 Streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , `` Big Trouble '' is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .	
0 While the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon , Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .	
2 But it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit .	
2 It 's Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .	
1 The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '	
4 Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .	
3 An absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .	
3 Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros .	
3 Henry Bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect	
1 Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .	
2 an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle , seesawed back and forth between controlling interests multiple times , then found its sweet spot	
1 ... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .	
3 Hard to resist .	
4 A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .	
1 Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .	
4 Elvira fans could hardly ask for more .	
3 While there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .	
0 -LRB- Creates -RRB- the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .	
1 The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .	
3 But it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .	
3 One ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .	
4 A jaw-droppingly beautiful work	
2 B picture , and I mean that as a compliment .	
3 Fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .	
0 It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .	
0 Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .	
1 Gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .	
1 As saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .	
3 Alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .	
3 Waiting for Godard can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .	
2 You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected .	
3 The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .	
3 Manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .	
4 This is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .	
1 Feeble comedy .	
1 The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .	
3 imagine a scenario where Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor	
1 But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .	
2 The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover Dangerfield .	
1 The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .	
3 -LRB- A -RRB- smarter and much funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks .	
4 Smart and taut .	
0 for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience	
4 Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin ... have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age .	
0 I can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .	
2 When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking , no ?	
2 Ram Dass Fierce Grace moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .	
1 The script by Vincent R. Nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .	
0 The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .	
2 It just does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .	
2 ... its stupidities wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits .	
2 In trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .	
3 Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .	
1 Most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .	
4 One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .	
3 And , thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .	
4 A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful Do The Right Thing .	
3 Even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .	
4 The film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .	
3 Fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .	
2 Troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal .	
1 Eerily accurate depiction of depression .	
3 It gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .	
1 Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .	
1 Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .	
0 There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .	
3 Affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .	
3 `` Catch Me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .	
1 Too much power , not enough puff .	
3 And , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .	
3 Instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .	
2 It 's all entertaining enough , but do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper .	
0 Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .	
3 The cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .	
0 Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .	
4 It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .	
4 It 's a cool event for the whole family .	
2 There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice , but it 's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head .	
4 The film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .	
3 It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .	
2 The same should go for movie theaters .	
1 ... silly humbuggery ...	
3 Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .	
4 Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .	
2 A wordy wisp of a comedy .	
4 A genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .	
0 A humorless journey into a philosophical void .	
3 It ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame Musketeer , this Dumas adaptation entertains .	
1 -LRB- Johnnie To and Wai Ka Fai are -RRB- sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .	
1 Meyjes 's movie , like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .	
3 Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .	
2 Plays like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast were sending up .	
3 Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .	
0 An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .	
2 Ends up being mostly about ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr .	
3 Davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy .	
0 Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .	
2 Just plain silly .	
3 What redeems the film is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves .	
4 The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .	
1 Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .	
4 It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .	
4 A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man .	
2 Harvard Man is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality .	
3 The exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .	
3 ... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .	
1 Not a strike against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi , but I found What Time ?	
4 Sexy and romantic .	
3 Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .	
4 These three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .	
4 A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .	
2 But this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it 's about a very human one .	
3 As action-adventure , this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fires on all plasma conduits .	
1 Despite its visual virtuosity , ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .	
2 Unintelligible , poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .	
1 I do n't think this movie loves women at all .	
1 In truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick -LRB- but none of the sheer lust -RRB- .	
4 The case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .	
2 At its worst the screenplay is callow , but at its best it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood .	
3 So purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride .	
3 While the humor is recognizably Plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .	
3 Everything in Maid in Manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .	
4 With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .	
1 That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .	
2 You have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings .	
1 Death to Smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .	
4 At least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .	
3 There 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to Lau .	
1 A small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis .	
0 Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .	
4 A live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .	
4 A dazzling dream of a documentary .	
4 Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .	
0 Idiotic and ugly .	
1 ` Dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .	
0 More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .	
0 You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .	
2 Less front-loaded and more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990 .	
4 Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .	
3 Its sheer dynamism is infectious .	
4 Reassuring , retro uplifter .	
2 Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ... it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera .	
4 A fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .	
3 a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing	
1 This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .	
1 There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .	
2 The filmmaker 's heart is in the right place ...	
1 The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .	
1 ... the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .	
4 It 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .	
3 Can you bear the laughter ?	
3 Anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .	
1 But no. .	
2 Parents , on the other hand , will be ahead of the plot at all times , and there is n't enough clever innuendo to fil	
3 An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .	
3 Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .	
1 It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .	
1 The story has little wit and no surprises .	
3 It 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .	
4 E.T. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .	
3 Bring on the sequel .	
0 Laughably , irredeemably awful .	
3 The trick when watching Godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .	
4 What I saw , I enjoyed .	
3 Schrader examines Crane 's decline with unblinking candor .	
2 Every potential twist is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol .	
2 An estrogen opera so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote -LRB- and cannier doppelganger -RRB- to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon .	
3 Though Nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .	
0 The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''	
3 Alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .	
1 I was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .	
3 Often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .	
3 Full of surprises .	
2 As happily glib and vicious as its characters .	
2 A technically well-made suspenser ... but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .	
4 A coming-of-age movie that Hollywood would n't have the guts to make .	
1 In the spirit of the season , I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .	
4 An enjoyable comedy	
4 A surprisingly funny movie .	
3 May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .	
4 This film puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers .	
3 The acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .	
1 With or without ballast tanks , K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .	
4 Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .	
2 Director Oliver Parker labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .	
4 A slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .	
3 Neatly constructed thriller .	
1 There 's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .	
2 Schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression .	
3 Like a Tarantino movie with heart , Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .	
3 Not the Great American Comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .	
0 Do n't even bother to rent this on video .	
1 Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .	
2 The good thing -- the only good thing -- about Extreme Ops is that it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list .	
2 The Trinity Assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and George Ratliff 's documentary , Hell House , reflects their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film .	
3 An undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .	
3 What Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight	
1 What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .	
1 Time Out is as serious as a pink slip .	
2 Unspools like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .	
4 A rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .	
1 Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .	
0 This franchise has not spawned a single good film .	
1 Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .	
3 Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .	
3 This 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be .	
0 Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .	
1 This romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .	
1 It 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .	
1 Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .	
4 The movie is ingenious fun .	
2 It 's a sight to behold .	
3 If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .	
1 I 've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .	
2 What might 've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .	
3 Audacious-impossible yet compelling ...	
0 The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .	
3 A compelling French psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .	
0 Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .	
3 Though it runs 163 minutes , Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .	
1 Unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .	
0 Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .	
1 Stephen Earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .	
0 It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .	
1 Grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length	
1 ... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .	
3 Based on Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .	
1 Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .	
2 The film is darkly atmospheric , with Herrmann quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles .	
3 -LRB- Gulpilil -RRB- is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass .	
1 It 's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .	
1 One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .	
0 All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .	
1 The film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .	
1 A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .	
3 An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .	
3 It 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .	
1 Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .	
1 You do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California .	
3 What could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .	
3 It deserves to be seen everywhere .	
0 On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .	
4 Between them , De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .	
4 unpretentious , charming , quirky , original	
2 An unintentional parody of every teen movie made in the last five years .	
3 The real triumphs in Igby come from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron .	
0 Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .	
3 What 's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .	
0 Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .	
4 Narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .	
1 -LRB- A -RRB- stale retread of the '53 original .	
2 This is the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved .	
3 The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .	
1 Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .	
3 But it 's worth the concentration .	
3 A well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .	
1 An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .	
1 Never does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . ''	
0 ... post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .	
1 This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .	
4 Scooby Doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .	
3 Asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .	
2 It 's not hateful .	
1 I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .	
4 It is also beautifully acted .	
2 Last Dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true .	
0 When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .	
1 With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .	
3 An old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .	
2 For free .	
3 Delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .	
4 Whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .	
4 An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view .	
1 It 's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .	
3 If the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .	
2 The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw , but its dreaminess may lull you to sleep .	
3 In the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .	
1 Like a fish that 's lived too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .	
1 Then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .	
1 But what is missing from it all is a moral .	
4 In addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .	
1 Despite engaging offbeat touches , Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .	
1 A timid , soggy near miss .	
1 An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .	
4 This movie is to be cherished .	
0 ... pays tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .	
1 As for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .	
1 But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .	
3 Cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .	
3 -LRB- Woo 's -RRB- most resonant film since The Killer .	
1 Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .	
4 A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .	
1 This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .	
1 Judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice .	
3 If you answered yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy .	
1 Any rock pile will do for a set .	
0 If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .	
3 At its best , which occurs often , Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? '	
0 - spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .	
4 Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .	
0 An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .	
3 Boomers and their kids will have a Barrie good time .	
1 Blue Crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .	
1 It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .	
1 An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .	
1 Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .	
3 As played by Ryan Gosling , Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .	
1 ` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy .	
3 Zoom !	
3 The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .	
3 ` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .	
2 Greengrass -LRB- working from Don Mullan 's script -RRB- forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation .	
4 Without resorting to camp or parody , Haynes -LRB- like Sirk , but differently -RRB- has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .	
1 The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .	
0 An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .	
1 I 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .	
1 Fluffy and disposible .	
2 A biopic about Crane 's life in the classic tradition but evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .	
2 A movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire .	
3 A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .	
1 You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .	
0 One of the most incoherent features in recent memory .	
1 A culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .	
1 The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .	
3 A completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .	
0 One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .	
1 How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?	
3 Visually striking and viscerally repellent .	
3 Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .	
1 Officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .	
2 The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways .	
0 To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .	
4 Birthday Girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .	
1 Chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .	
2 The result is more depressing than liberating , but it 's never boring .	
0 The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .	
1 The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .	
3 The banter between Calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain .	
1 I 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .	
3 Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .	
2 Broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .	
1 Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .	
2 Sheridan	
1 I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '	
4 He does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .	
1 You leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .	
1 Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .	
3 The best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .	
4 Mike Leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life	
1 The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears . ''	
2 With a confrontational stance , Todd Solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .	
1 The movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .	
2 Despite the pyrotechnics , Narc is strictly by the book .	
1 An inexperienced director , Mehta has much to learn .	
1 What 's infuriating about Full Frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .	
1 This is not an easy film .	
3 Surprisingly insightful	
4 It 's a compelling and horrifying story , and The Laramie Project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America .	
1 Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .	
1 A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .	
1 The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .	
4 Cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .	
3 Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .	
3 Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .	
3 The film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .	
2 Helps to remind the First World that HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news .	
1 The re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .	
0 ` This movie sucks . '	
3 A genuine mind-bender .	
0 Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .	
1 If only Merchant paid more attention the story .	
1 The package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .	
4 The cast is phenomenal , especially the women .	
2 Represents something very close to the nadir of the thriller\/horror genre .	
3 Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .	
3 Less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling -LRB- though no less horrifying for it -RRB- .	
2 The real question this movie poses is not ` Who ? '	
2 An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension .	
1 Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .	
0 The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .	
4 At times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .	
3 The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .	
4 One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .	
1 What 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .	
3 It 's funny .	
3 It 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat .	
0 Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .	
4 Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .	
2 The movie strains to stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself .	
0 A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .	
3 Murderous Maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier .	
3 An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .	
1 A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .	
4 A rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .	
2 Meyjes focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making .	
3 Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .	
2 De Ayala is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .	
2 A well-acted movie that simply does n't gel .	
3 It 's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .	
2 Wobbly Senegalese updating of `` Carmen '' which is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai	
4 Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .	
1 An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .	
2 You 'd think by now America would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold .	
1 A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .	
3 I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .	
3 -LRB- Clooney 's -RRB- debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh .	
1 Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .	
4 Painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .	
3 But it 's surprisingly harmless .	
4 Charlie Hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .	
1 A nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .	
4 With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller	
3 Seen in that light , Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many .	
3 Its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .	
2 will be far more interesting to the Soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by Julia Roberts ...	
1 The movie wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .	
4 Simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .	
1 The cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .	
1 Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films .	
3 Hugely accomplished slice of Hitchcockian suspense .	
0 Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .	
3 By surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , Haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .	
3 -LRB- Rises -RRB- above its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .	
3 The charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .	
2 about the hard-partying	
4 It 's worth taking the kids to .	
1 Ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .	
2 The last three narcissists left on earth compete for each others ' affections .	
0 A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .	
1 The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .	
4 A funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .	
4 Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : It actually improves upon the original hit movie .	
4 Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .	
1 Two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .	
4 A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .	
3 This one is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks .	
0 It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .	
4 ... one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave ' .	
4 A movie I loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .	
1 Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .	
0 Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .	
1 Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .	
4 Half Past Dead is just such an achievement .	
2 A witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed look at the ins and outs of modern moviemaking .	
3 With an unusual protagonist -LRB- a kilt-wearing Jackson -RRB- and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .	
0 The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .	
2 Its vision of that awkward age when sex threatens to overwhelm everything else is acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition .	
1 In the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .	
3 Elegant , mannered and teasing .	
3 The filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .	
4 Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .	
1 Anemic , pretentious .	
3 A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .	
2 The film tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .	
1 This is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable .	
4 It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .	
2 directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name	
3 Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -	
3 Watching War Photographer , you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .	
2 The movie is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .	
4 It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .	
3 ... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .	
3 For 95 often hilarious minutes	
4 The delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two .	
4 Tells a fascinating , compelling story .	
1 There 's no good answer to that one .	
3 But it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .	
2 None of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film : Characterization matters less than atmosphere .	
4 A beautifully observed character piece .	
0 an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton .	
4 A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy .	
1 How this one escaped the Lifetime network I 'll never know .	
0 Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .	
1 An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .	
0 What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !	
1 Falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .	
1 The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .	
3 Its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .	
3 By the end of it all I sort of loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .	
2 But this is Lohman 's film .	
0 A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .	
2 This English-language version ... does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .	
1 Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .	
1 Witless and utterly pointless .	
2 Except for Paymer as the boss who ultimately expresses empathy for Bartleby 's pain , the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .	
3 UB equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .	
1 Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .	
2 The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List .	
3 Harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .	
1 Death might be a release .	
3 Great dragons !	
4 -LRB- Ferrera -RRB- has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .	
2 Reeks of rot and hack work from start to finish .	
4 The film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .	
1 It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .	
1 Empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .	
2 Worse than ` Silence of the Lambs ' better than ` Hannibal '	
3 A cutesy romantic tale with a twist .	
4 Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .	
2 Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs .	
1 ... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .	
0 This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .	
4 Charlotte Sometimes is a brilliant movie .	
0 With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .	
2 `` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker .	
2 A Sha-Na-Na sketch punctuated with graphic violence .	
2 Mushes the college-friends genre -LRB- The Big Chill -RRB- together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap operas .	
1 Like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .	
1 I have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered .	
0 Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .	
3 A lovely and beautifully photographed romance .	
4 Delight your senses and crash this wedding !	
0 The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .	
2 An uplifting , largely bogus story .	
3 Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .	
2 Made for teens and reviewed as such , this is recommended only for those under 20 years of age ... and then only as a very mild rental .	
4 An excellent sequel .	
2 Quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house .	
3 A film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .	
1 He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .	
1 It does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .	
2 The film 's overall mood and focus is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .	
1 Originality is sorely lacking .	
4 The Pianist -LRB- is -RRB- a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .	
2 An overwrought Taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship .	
3 An older cad instructs a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .	
3 A giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .	
3 Features Fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .	
1 The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad ' .	
0 It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .	
0 I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .	
3 Time Out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .	
0 Press the delete key .	
3 This is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .	
3 -LRB- Shyamalan -RRB- turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .	
3 Graham Greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .	
1 You do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .	
3 A pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .	
1 Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .	
3 A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .	
0 With the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .	
0 So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .	
2 If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but that does n't make the movie any less entertaining .	
3 Formuliac , but fun .	
2 Though the opera itself takes place mostly indoors , Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .	
0 Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .	
3 The sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .	
2 If all of Eight Legged Freaks was as entertaining as the final hour , I would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .	
3 Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , The Last Kiss is really all about performances .	
0 An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .	
4 It 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .	
1 Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .	
0 Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .	
1 Real-life strongman Ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .	
2 The Sundance Film Festival has become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing .	
2 Ruh-roh !	
4 It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what -LRB- Aniston -RRB- has always needed to grow into a movie career .	
0 `` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .	
2 A life-size reenactment of those Jack Chick cartoon tracts that always ended with some hippie getting tossed into the lake of fire .	
1 Although Disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .	
3 Though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .	
1 A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .	
1 With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .	
4 A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .	
2 A charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship .	
3 In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .	
2 The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour .	
1 If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .	
3 It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .	
4 ... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .	
4 This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .	
0 Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .	
1 Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .	
4 It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .	
2 Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it .	
2 C'mon !	
4 One of the most exciting action films to come out of China in recent years .	
3 Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .	
3 This is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .	
1 This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .	
3 What makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .	
1 It is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .	
3 What a great way to spend 4 units of your day .	
0 To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .	
0 A lame comedy .	
4 See it .	
3 We want the funk - and this movie 's got it .	
4 ... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices -LRB- cool visual backmasking -RRB- , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...	
1 -LRB- A -RRB- mess .	
4 Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .	
1 Really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .	
4 One fantastic -LRB- and educational -RRB- documentary .	
1 It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .	
2 -LRB- Haynes ' -RRB- homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life '' transcends them .	
1 A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .	
4 All of it works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .	
2 Gibney and Jarecki just want to string the bastard up .	
1 Barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .	
3 Alarms for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .	
2 ... the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation .	
1 Kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .	
2 Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that .	
3 For those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove diverting enough .	
0 Despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie	
2 Except as an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke , you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .	
4 Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .	
1 A film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .	
3 Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin .	
0 Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .	
3 Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .	
1 Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .	
4 The film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson ...	
2 Alain Choquart 's camera barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .	
0 A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences .	
0 Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .	
1 The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .	
3 Trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? '	
3 An intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .	
3 Deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .	
0 We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .	
3 It does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .	
1 An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .	
3 For those who like quirky , slightly strange French films , this is a must !	
2 Or else a doggie winks .	
4 It 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .	
2 It 's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison .	
4 Special P.O.V. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .	
2 At no point during K-19 : The Widowmaker did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot .	
3 I firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .	
0 Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .	
1 It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .	
0 ... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .	
3 An old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .	
1 Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker .	
3 Its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .	
1 Yet another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title .	
3 The more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .	
3 Hardly a film that comes along every day .	
4 One of the best movies of the year .	
4 Majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .	
3 Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .	
4 The movie is brilliant , really .	
3 After seeing ` Analyze That , ' I feel better already .	
4 ... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .	
4 Perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , About Schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .	
3 A terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .	
3 Frank Capra played this story straight .	
4 It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .	
1 Kim Ki-Deok seems to have in mind an -LRB- emotionally at least -RRB- adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .	
0 Black-and-white and unrealistic .	
3 The sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .	
3 As I settled into my World War II memories , I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .	
2 When Mr. Hundert tells us in his narration that ` this is a story without surprises , ' we nod in agreement .	
4 Amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .	
4 A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .	
3 It 's mostly a pleasure to watch .	
1 To honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .	
3 Any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .	
1 Leaks treacle from every pore .	
1 We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .	
2 Igby Goes Down is one of those movies .	
0 An awful snooze .	
1 Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .	
1 Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .	
1 It collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .	
0 The movie has a script -LRB- by Paul Pender -RRB- made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .	
2 Less cinematically powerful than quietly and deeply moving , which is powerful in itself .	
1 Flat , misguided comedy .	
3 Discursive but oddly riveting documentary .	
1 When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .	
2 The bland outweighs the nifty , and Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is .	
3 -LRB- Stephen -RRB- Earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .	
4 Nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .	
1 There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .	
3 Provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .	
4 Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .	
2 The name says it all .	
2 It 's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit .	
3 A little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .	
3 Promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .	
3 The tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .	
1 Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring .	
4 Miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .	
2 In the end , all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .	
1 A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .	
4 If you love the music , and I do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...	
2 If you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .	
2 There is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .	
4 One regards Reign of Fire with awe .	
3 Confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .	
1 Despite its promising cast of characters , Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '	
2 Opening with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends , the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .	
3 Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .	
1 ... Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here ...	
0 Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .	
1 Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .	
0 By that measure , it is a failure .	
2 It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up .	
3 It 's better than The Phantom Menace .	
3 It all plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .	
4 I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .	
3 Imamura has said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .	
1 We hate -LRB- Madonna -RRB- within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .	
4 It 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .	
1 One can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off	
2 Though the film never veers from its comic course , its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .	
1 The biggest problem with Satin Rouge is Lilia herself .	
1 I ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .	
4 So vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt .	
1 Lacks depth .	
1 Austin Powers in Goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .	
0 The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .	
4 Allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .	
2 Dark and disturbing , yet compelling to watch .	
3 It 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .	
2 At a brief 42 minutes , we need more X and less blab .	
3 A disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an Alice in Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother .	
0 Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .	
0 Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .	
2 An often unfunny romp .	
3 The script is smart , not cloying .	
1 You leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .	
3 Poignant Japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .	
3 The graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn Croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .	
2 Jaunty fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .	
3 There 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .	
2 Depending upon your reaction to this movie , you may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .	
2 Anemic chronicle of money grubbing New Yorkers and their serial loveless hook ups .	
1 The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .	
2 I found myself more appreciative of what the director was trying to do than of what he had actually done .	
3 Rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle	
1 It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down .	
4 Both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .	
1 This is n't a new idea .	
3 There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive -LRB- if tragic -RRB- note .	
0 Apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .	
3 Great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .	
3 It 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .	
4 Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods .	
0 If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , I have just one word for you - -- Decasia	
0 It 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .	
4 You 'll probably love it .	
4 All in all , Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .	
0 The heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in -LRB- this -RRB- meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .	
0 But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .	
2 This may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic .	
3 By no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .	
1 The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .	
1 There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .	
4 A heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .	
1 Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .	
1 I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .	
3 Good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .	
2 It 's Young Guns meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs .	
3 Allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .	
4 Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !	
0 I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .	
3 It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .	
1 The idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .	
1 Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .	
4 A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .	
3 Mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns .	
1 An obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?	
3 Gets the look and the period trappings right	
1 If you recognize Zeus -LRB- the dog from Snatch -RRB- it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .	
2 The video work is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch .	
1 The film did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .	
3 A photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .	
3 It 's a scorcher .	
4 It 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .	
4 It 's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .	
1 An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .	
2 Hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it does n't .	
3 Has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .	
1 -LRB- Moore 's -RRB- better at fingering problems than finding solutions .	
2 If Sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over .	
0 Rollerball IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .	
2 It must be in the genes .	
2 Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but Boyd 's film offers little else of consequence .	
1 It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .	
2 A punch line without a premise , a joke built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .	
1 All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .	
0 A half-assed film .	
2 Yep , it 's `` Waking up in Reno . ''	
1 A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .	
3 The Santa Clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .	
3 Neither the funniest film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made , Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .	
1 Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...	
2 I ca n't .	
0 As plain and pedestrian as catsup --	
2 It 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .	
1 A puzzle whose pieces do not fit .	
3 Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .	
2 For all its plot twists , and some of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down , Blood Work is a strong , character-oriented piece .	
3 Both Grant and Hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .	
1 It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .	
2 Too ordinary to restore -LRB- Harmon -RRB- to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .	
2 Though uniformly well acted , especially by young Ballesta and Galan -LRB- a first-time actor -RRB- , writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .	
3 As Hannibal would say , yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .	
2 All the filmmakers are asking of us , is to believe in something that is improbable .	
2 The respective charms of Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant have worn threadbare .	
4 The pleasure of Read My Lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .	
1 Lurid and less than lucid work .	
1 Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?	
1 Stale , futile scenario .	
3 Really is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .	
2 Acting can not be acted .	
2 The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people .	
0 It 's just rather leaden and dull .	
4 At its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .	
2 Weiss and Speck never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes .	
1 One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .	
1 Nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .	
4 Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .	
2 It 's hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first .	
1 When -LRB- Reno -RRB- lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al. , Reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .	
1 It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .	
3 A seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili .	
2 Arty gay film .	
3 Kids who are into this Thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .	
2 Ali 's graduation from little screen to big is far less painful than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier .	
4 Fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .	
0 Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .	
1 -LRB- The film 's -RRB- taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers .	
0 Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .	
1 With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .	
0 A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .	
2 Steers has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes .	
1 Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .	
1 In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .	
3 You may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .	
4 It 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .	
4 Bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable Italian guys .	
4 A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .	
3 Worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .	
3 The fourth `` Pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .	
3 With exquisite craftsmanship ... Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .	
3 It 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .	
2 Twist open the Ouzo !	
2 Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting .	
0 is a mess .	
1 Two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .	
3 Evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .	
1 Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .	
0 I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .	
3 At its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .	
3 I have a new favorite musical -- and I 'm not even a fan of the genre	
4 Australian filmmaker David Flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .	
1 It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .	
4 Compellingly watchable .	
2 Supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy .	
1 The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality .	
1 A selection of scenes in search of a movie .	
3 McGrath has deftly trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .	
3 Family fare .	
3 Captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .	
4 This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .	
0 Feels more like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .	
1 As saccharine as it is disposable .	
3 Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .	
1 What should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .	
2 underventilated	
0 Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .	
4 Meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .	
3 A film of quiet power .	
3 If you think it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .	
3 A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .	
0 90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .	
3 If the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , Jacquot preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .	
2 Some stunning visuals -- and some staggeringly boring cinema .	
3 What it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .	
4 A thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .	
4 It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .	
0 Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .	
1 Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .	
3 If you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .	
4 An animation landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .	
4 Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .	
3 You can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .	
2 A tasty slice of droll whimsy .	
3 An awfully good , achingly human picture .	
4 Remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .	
2 It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me , but there 's stuff here to like .	
0 Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .	
2 It 's really just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .	
1 A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .	
3 Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .	
1 Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '	
1 Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .	
1 It 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .	
1 Simply a re-hash of the other seven films .	
1 Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .	
1 No , even that 's too committed .	
1 You can taste it , but there 's no fizz .	
2 Otherwise , maybe .	
1 Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .	
2 Witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it 's Dench who really steals the show .	
2 Sometimes this modest little number clicks , and sometimes it does n't .	
2 An ambitious and moving but bleak film .	
3 The film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .	
0 A real snooze .	
4 The overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .	
1 Adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .	
4 Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .	
2 Will you go ape over this movie ?	
3 Whether or not you buy Mr. Broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .	
0 The most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .	
1 The whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .	
1 The leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .	
2 With miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , Killing Me Softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp .	
2 If you 're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle , Quitting hits home with disorienting force .	
4 The fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .	
2 I 'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .	
1 Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .	
4 Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .	
2 It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up .	
3 Ken Russell would love this .	
3 From the opening strains of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces '' , you can feel the love .	
4 Good , solid storytelling .	
0 ... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .	
3 -LRB- An -RRB- absorbing documentary .	
2 Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage .	
0 Her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .	
0 A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy .	
3 It 's a quirky , off-beat project .	
3 Nair does n't treat the issues lightly .	
1 Laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .	
2 while -LRB- Roman Coppola -RRB- scores points for style , he staggers in terms of story .	
0 The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .	
1 American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone .	
4 There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming -LRB- without a thick shmear of the goo , at least -RRB- , but `` Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .	
3 There is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .	
2 Tsai Ming-liang 's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .	
3 Exploits -LRB- headbanger -RRB- stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .	
3 Like all of Egoyan 's work , Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .	
1 As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .	
4 This is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .	
4 Nicole Kidman makes it a party worth attending .	
0 Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .	
3 ou 've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane .	
1 Comes across as a fairly weak retooling .	
4 A movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .	
2 With Rare Birds , as with The Shipping News before it , an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil -- and The Rock once again resists the intrusion .	
2 Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and that makes for some glacial pacing early on .	
2 The film 's heady yet far from impenetrable theory suggests that Russians take comfort in their closed-off nationalist reality .	
3 Presents a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .	
3 While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .	
4 Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory .	
4 Watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .	
4 Delia , Greta , and Paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .	
4 An uplifting , near-masterpiece .	
3 For most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .	
4 It 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .	
1 A well-crafted letdown .	
1 Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '	
3 Smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .	
0 With little visible talent and no energy , Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .	
1 And for all the wrong reasons besides .	
1 Puportedly `` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .	
1 ... del Toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .	
2 The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ... -LRB- but -RRB- from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold .	
0 Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .	
2 Show me the mugging .	
4 What makes Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing is that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .	
0 ... a pretentious mess ...	
0 A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .	
3 The Powerpuff Girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .	
1 Technically and artistically inept .	
2 Dense and enigmatic ... elusive ... stagy and stilted	
2 Eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath .	
0 Terminally brain dead production .	
4 In his debut as a director , Washington has a sure hand .	
2 One just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .	
3 Worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .	
1 Dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .	
1 While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .	
2 A piquant meditation on the things that prevent people from reaching happiness .	
1 shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , -LRB- but -RRB- the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .	
4 Not to mention absolutely refreshed .	
1 In the not-too-distant future , movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .	
1 The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .	
1 Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .	
1 This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .	
2 The 70-year-old Godard has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .	
1 Laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .	
4 Huppert and Girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .	
4 The story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .	
1 It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .	
3 It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .	
3 ... Despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '	
3 Like Smoke Signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama	
1 The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .	
4 It 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .	
3 A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .	
3 But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...	
1 Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .	
1 Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .	
1 The movie is well done , but slow .	
4 Godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .	
3 The powerful success of Read My Lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers .	
0 Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . ''	
1 It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .	
3 Two Weeks Notice has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .	
4 A wildly entertaining scan of Evans ' career .	
2 Though Frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled , a hardy group of determined New Zealanders has proved its creative mettle .	
0 A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .	
3 Although Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .	
3 If you love him , you 'll like it .	
4 A dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .	
4 Strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .	
4 With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .	
3 This charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .	
2 Do n't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle .	
4 Like the best of Godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .	
1 If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .	
3 Cool .	
1 It is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .	
0 Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .	
2 Dense and thoughtful and brimming with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed .	
1 One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .	
1 Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?	
4 An immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .	
3 The film reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .	
3 Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .	
1 Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .	
3 Beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .	
1 This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .	
3 Though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .	
1 Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .	
4 The quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths .	
0 An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .	
1 Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .	
3 `` Birthday Girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .	
1 Tends to plod .	
1 Plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .	
2 This is a nervy , risky film , and Villeneuve has inspired Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi .	
3 -LRB- Jeff 's -RRB- gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by Neil Finn and Edmund McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .	
4 Perhaps the best sports movie I 've ever seen .	
2 Missteps take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .	
4 Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .	
4 -LRB- Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall -RRB- show us the world they love and make us love it , too .	
4 Barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .	
1 The movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .	
1 Love Liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .	
1 But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .	
0 In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .	
2 As a hybrid teen thriller and murder mystery , Murder by Numbers fits the profile too closely .	
4 Bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .	
2 ` Sophisticated ' viewers who refuse to admit that they do n't like it will likely call it ` challenging ' to their fellow sophisticates .	
0 A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .	
3 If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : You want the story to go on and on .	
2 It 's not particularly subtle ... However , it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion .	
0 A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .	
3 This submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot .	
1 In its chicken heart , Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .	
1 A kilted Jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .	
2 The pitch must have read like a discarded House Beautiful spread .	
1 I have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.	
3 Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .	
2 ... a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles .	
4 Writer-director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .	
3 There are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip .	
4 Beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .	
3 Washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .	
4 A conventional but heartwarming tale .	
4 Poignant and moving , A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .	
3 Like its title character , this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .	
3 Cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .	
3 After watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .	
4 It has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...	
4 The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .	
3 The work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .	
3 For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .	
0 Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .	
1 The problem with `` XXX '' is that its own action is n't very effective .	
1 It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .	
1 A domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .	
4 -LRB- Hayek -RRB- throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina and she gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo .	
1 Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would .	
1 The Rules of Attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .	
3 Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .	
2 Meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull .	
3 The performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .	
1 None of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .	
2 The movie 's messages are quite admirable , but	
2 Those unfamiliar with Mormon traditions may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering .	
4 Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .	
0 The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .	
0 In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .	
1 What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .	
1 A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .	
2 Benigni presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice .	
1 Rather than real figures	
2 A passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of passes through the word processor .	
2 Bearable .	
1 On top of a foundering performance , -LRB- Madonna 's -RRB- denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .	
3 Woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .	
3 The mushy finale turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .	
2 A film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .	
1 What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .	
1 Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and this is why I have given it a one-star rating .	
2 Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition .	
4 A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .	
1 ... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than -LRB- writer-director -RRB- Franc .	
1 Unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .	
1 ` Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .	
1 ... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .	
1 It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .	
1 Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .	
2 It 's like a `` Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists .	
4 Despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .	
3 Mark Pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .	
4 A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans -LRB- but by no means all -RRB- will have fun with .	
1 There 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .	
1 Taken as a whole , The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .	
4 The acting in Pauline And Paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .	
2 The animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment .	
4 Exceptionally well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .	
1 When your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?	
2 The film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .	
4 The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .	
2 Throwing it all away for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment .	
3 Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '	
2 Only in its final surprising shots does Rabbit-Proof Fence find the authority it 's looking for .	
4 Writer\/director David Caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .	
1 Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .	
0 Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .	
1 Hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .	
3 Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .	
3 Could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .	
3 High Crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .	
4 My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .	
1 You 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous -LRB- than Leon -RRB- .	
1 Dreary tale of middle-class angst	
4 It 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style .	
1 Lame Sweet Home leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .	
1 Earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .	
1 A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .	
1 A backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .	
3 I 'll go out on a limb .	
2 An easy watch , except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .	
2 Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick .	
3 This is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .	
4 This often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .	
1 Being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .	
3 The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her .	
1 For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .	
4 Much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .	
4 The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .	
1 The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .	
4 Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .	
2 an `` O Bruin , Where Art Thou ? ''	
2 Um , no. .	
0 If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .	
1 This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .	
0 It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .	
1 It 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .	
2 Adam SANDLER !	
2 , with cheapo animation -LRB- like Saturday morning TV in the '60s -RRB- , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names .	
1 Off the Hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all .	
1 Mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .	
3 With so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .	
2 An unflinching look at the world 's dispossessed .	
3 An overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .	
3 Offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .	
3 -LRB- A -RRB- satisfying niblet .	
1 It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .	
4 Kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .	
1 Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .	
0 The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .	
4 A comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .	
3 The kind of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of .	
0 Haneke 's script -LRB- from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel -RRB- is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .	
0 Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .	
3 This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .	
1 The crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .	
1 It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .	
0 What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .	
4 Both lead performances are Oscar-size .	
1 As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .	
0 If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .	
1 The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies ever made .	
3 Norton is magnetic as Graham .	
1 Watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .	
1 Not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .	
2 Or intelligent .	
1 Barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .	
1 Shows that Jackie Chan is getting older , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about	
1 Impostor is a step down for director Gary Fleder .	
3 Pray has really done his subject justice .	
3 What 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .	
1 The director mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .	
4 LaBute masterfully balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .	
3 It 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .	
2 Circuit queens wo n't learn a thing , they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .	
3 But it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .	
3 A reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .	
3 A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .	
4 A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .	
2 The fourth in a series that I 'll bet most parents had thought -- hoped !	
1 A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .	
1 With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral .	
3 It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and I think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .	
4 A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .	
1 Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .	
2 So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie .	
2 So here it is : It 's about a family of sour immortals .	
1 In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .	
1 ... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .	
0 A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .	
2 -- was a fad that had long since vanished .	
3 The heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .	
3 A story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .	
4 The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .	
2 Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White .	
4 Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous .	
3 Compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .	
4 What elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .	
1 Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?	
2 ` Lovely and Amazing , ' unhappily , is neither ... excessively strained and contrived .	
1 It makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens	
1 Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .	
4 Greg Kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .	
1 Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .	
0 This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .	
0 In the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .	
4 MacDowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .	
3 There is something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics	
1 Scotland , PA is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .	
0 All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .	
3 On its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .	
4 A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .	
1 A dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .	
2 What it lacks in originality it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .	
3 ... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .	
1 The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .	
3 Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .	
3 Just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .	
1 Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .	
2 Adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio .	
1 I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .	
3 It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .	
0 Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .	
0 Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved	
3 It has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .	
3 Scott Baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .	
1 With the dog days of August upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .	
1 That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .	
4 Literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .	
1 Over and over again .	
2 At the film 's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .	
2 A subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad .	
3 World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .	
1 Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin .	
2 Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability .	
1 Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .	
4 An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .	
4 A marvel of production design .	
2 Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability .	
0 Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .	
4 Others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .	
1 ` Synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .	
2 These two are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector .	
3 If there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .	
0 Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .	
0 As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .	
3 The cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .	
2 The best thing that can be said of the picture is that it does have a few cute moments .	
1 Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .	
4 Insanely hilarious !	
4 Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .	
4 Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .	
2 A creaky staircase gothic .	
2 Samuel Beckett applied to the Iranian voting process .	
0 is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .	
4 -- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .	
1 The comedy Death to Smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .	
2 The story is virtually impossible to follow here , but there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue .	
4 A return to pure Disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .	
1 Has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...	
3 It 's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins .	
4 An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .	
4 Easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .	
0 But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .	
3 So could young romantics out on a date .	
2 This will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .	
2 Did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ?	
2 After Collateral Damage	
3 ... Rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .	
1 hard as this may be to believe , Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .	
1 Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .	
4 A fine , rousing , G-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .	
1 Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?	
2 This follow-up seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter .	
2 Jolting into Charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent -LRB- accurate ?	
1 Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .	
0 The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .	
3 Beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .	
3 It 's up to -LRB- Watts -RRB- to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .	
0 What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .	
2 Interesting , but not compelling .	
3 It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette .	
3 With the prospect of films like Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative .	
3 The performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .	
3 While the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director John Schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .	
3 Best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .	
3 An instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .	
2 This version of H.G. Wells ' Time Machine was directed by H.G. Wells ' great-grandson .	
3 By the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '	
0 The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .	
0 A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .	
1 A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .	
2 They exist for hushed lines like `` They 're back ! ''	
1 The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .	
4 Woody Allen has really found his groove these days .	
2 Photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic .	
4 Hawn and Sarandon form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .	
2 `` I blame all men for war , '' -LRB- the warden 's daughter -RRB- tells her father .	
1 If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .	
1 Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .	
3 Claire is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains .	
4 Victor Rosa is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .	
1 Kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .	
4 With Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .	
3 ... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .	
3 As an actor 's showcase , Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .	
1 The picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain .	
4 Its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .	
3 Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .	
0 Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title .	
4 A captivating new film .	
3 A forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .	
3 It is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .	
4 is one of this year 's very best pictures .	
1 That 's its first sign of trouble .	
1 This u-boat does n't have a captain .	
0 I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .	
3 Sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .	
1 The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .	
1 It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .	
3 -LRB- City -RRB- reminds us how realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' -LRB- 1999 -RRB- and ` Analyze That , ' promised -LRB- or threatened -RRB- for later this year .	
2 So earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer , ponderous awfulness of its script .	
4 ... with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .	
3 `` Brown Sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .	
1 Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .	
3 Reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .	
0 It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .	
3 Director Paul Cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing Nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .	
2 This is n't a terrible film by any means , but it 's also far from being a realized work .	
4 Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball . ''	
3 In Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .	
1 An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .	
3 One of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .	
3 Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .	
2 A movie that feels like the pilot episode of a new teen-targeted action TV series .	
1 Narc is all menace and atmosphere .	
1 The results are far more alienating than involving .	
1 It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .	
2 Berling and	
3 What sets Ms. Birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .	
2 Like other great documentaries ... this goes after one truth -LRB- the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers -RRB- and stumbles upon others even more compelling .	
3 A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .	
1 They cheapen the overall effect .	
1 One of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .	
4 Third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !	
0 Loud , silly , stupid and pointless .	
3 Campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over Rafael 's evolution .	
3 Parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .	
1 It 's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .	
1 A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .	
1 It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .	
4 The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .	
2 Granddad of Le Nouvelle Vague , Jean-Luc Godard continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .	
4 Monte Cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .	
1 While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter	
2 Sandra Bullock 's best dramatic performance to date -LRB- is -RRB- almost enough to lift -LRB- this -RRB- thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot .	
4 There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmers with it .	
2 Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way : Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship .	
3 A flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .	
3 Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .	
1 Too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .	
2 Hardman is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .	
4 Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .	
3 Just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .	
3 `` Mr. Deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .	
3 While I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .	
3 This amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers ...	
4 A classy , sprightly spin on film .	
3 Miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .	
2 But fans of the show should not consider this a diss .	
4 Exhilarating , funny and fun .	
3 Witty , vibrant , and intelligent .	
4 ... even if you 've never heard of Chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .	
3 I could n't recommend this film more .	
4 Excellent performances from Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .	
4 Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .	
4 The film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .	
1 This is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .	
1 If only it were , well , funnier .	
2 `` Punch-Drunk Love '' is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...	
1 There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .	
1 -LRB- Soderbergh -RRB- tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .	
2 Chomp chomp !	
1 Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .	
3 Very predictable but still entertaining	
1 Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation -LRB- career - kids = misery -RRB- in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .	
0 Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .	
2 Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness , yet Miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire .	
1 The movie turns out to be -LRB- Assayas ' -RRB- homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .	
3 Frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .	
2 ... a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers .	
1 The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .	
0 Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .	
0 There 's already been too many of these films ...	
2 Disney aficionados will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime .	
0 The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .	
3 Hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .	
1 ... stale and uninspired .	
2 Brainy , artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .	
4 At once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .	
3 -LRB- It 's -RRB- a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .	
1 A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks .	
4 Turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts	
0 And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .	
1 Often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .	
2 Muddled , trashy and incompetent	
3 Has a solid emotional impact .	
2 It is there to give them a good time .	
3 Heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .	
1 No. .	
4 On that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .	
0 It 's still terrible !	
4 About Schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .	
1 A worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special .	
4 This is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .	
